( gunship engines roaring ) narrator: Separatists pushed to the brink. Republic forces continue to mount victories on battlefronts across the galaxy. After the Jedi Knights thwarted an attempt to kidnap Chancellor Palpatine, the evil droid, General Grievous, retreated to the Outer Rim. With his legions of battle droids severely depleted, Grievous mounts a desperate and brutal counterattack across several star systems. We find Republic clone troopers locked in deadly combat on the besieged world of Kaller. Lead by Jedi Master Depa Billaba, they struggle to hold their position as they wait for reinforcements to arrive. ( groaning ) Fire. ( clone troopers screaming, groaning ) Not to be a pessimist, but if the commander isn't back soon with those reinforcements... My Padawan will be here. Caleb: Master! Here. I'm here. Caleb, where are the reinforcements? Don't worry. They're right behind me. Uh, where are they? Caleb. Trust me. Well, how many are there? Five of them. Five? We're done. Yeah, that's what I thought, but you gotta see these clones. They're different. ( rumbling ) Halt. ( rumbling continues ) Fire. No. No. Hold your positions. Make a hole! battle droid: Hey! I don't believe it. That's Clone Force 99. ( Wrecker laughing ) Crosshair, let's get these tanks moving. Sir, yes, sir. ( grunting ) Huh? Hey. Stop that. Adjust the stabilizers. We're going over. Hey, clanker. Catch. Huh? ( groans ) I guess I'm in charge now. Hey. What's that? Oh, no... battle droid: Drop your weapons and surrender. ( groans ) If you're done hiding down there, I suggest you launch a counterattack. Another droid battalion's approaching. The general is the one who gives the orders around here. He's right, Captain. This is our chance. Launch the counterattack. Yes, General. All right, men. Let's go! clone trooper: Sir, yes, sir. Move it! Move it! ( clone trooper shouting ) There you are, little Jedi. You missed all the fun. Watching your team in action was the fun. Care to introduce your new friends, Caleb? Yes, Master. This is Wrecker, Hunter, Echo, Tech and Crosshair. While I'm not sure "fun" is the sentiment I would express, I agree with my Padawan. Your exploits were quite impressive. Exploits? Don't overthink it, Wrecker. Thank you, General. Now, would one of you please explain where my actual reinforcements are? Rerouted to the capital. We're all you're getting. Ha! We're all you need. Actually, if my intel is correct, the general will not need any of us. The Clone War may soon be over. Better tell that to the clankers headed our way. I am referring to the encrypted comm chatter. Clone intelligence is reporting Jedi General Obi-Wan Kenobi has found and engaged General Grievous on Utapau. If he captures or kills Grievous, the Separatist command structure will collapse. And most likely the droid armies along with them. A fascinating theory, yet unfortunately not something we can control from here. I suggest we focus on the task at hand. Any orders? Or shall we do what we do? Let's blow something up. Yeah! Well, Caleb, shall we let them do what they do? Only if I can go with them. Very well. Hey, kid. You ready for this? We move fast. Good. That's the only way I know. ( Wrecker laughs ) I like him. ( comm beeps ) ( hologram activating ) Execute Order 66. ( blasters firing ) Master... Master! You must run! Run, Caleb! ( groaning, screams ) ( gasps ) Stay away from me! Kid, wait! What... What just happened? The comm channel is repeating one directive, "Execute Order 66." Yeah, I heard that too. What's Order 66? I am not certain. Echo. Tech. Talk to the reg Captain. Find out what you can. Crosshair, you and I will track down the kid and make sure nothing happens to him. Wrecker, stall anyone who tries to follow us. He's close. ( footsteps ) There. Come on down, kid. We're here to help. No! Liar. What are you doing? Following orders. We don't even know what the order is. Stand down until we know what's going on. Good soldiers follow orders. Where's the Padawan? Yeah, don't worry. Hunter's handling it. We have orders from the Supreme Chancellor himself. That's great, but like I said, Hunter's handling it. Step aside, Trooper. Sure thing, boss. Hunter, you've got regs inbound. Hunter: Copy that. Tech: We have a situation. Tell me something I don't know, Tech. It appears the regs have been ordered to execute the Jedi. What? Which Jedi? All of them. They're saying the Jedi have committed treason. Crosshair: That would explain things. It doesn't begin to explain things. Tech: I suggest you get back here. Can't. Haven't found the kid yet. Wrong. ( Caleb grunting ) Hunter: Crosshair, stand down. Don't! Hunter: Take it easy, kid. Easy. I'm on your side. ( water rushing ) Stay back. Just hear me out. No! You killed her! ( sighs ) The others did. I'm just as confused as you are. Stay back. Stay back! I can help you. Come with me. clone trooper: I'm sure he went this way. Come on! No! Where's the Jedi? I stunned him when he jumped. He didn't make it. We're coming up on Kamino. It's good to be home. How long has it been? One hundred and eighty rotations in a standard cycle, but galactic zone changes put the adjusted figure at around 205. What? ( sighs ) A long time. You got that right. What? You sure that Padawan died when he fell? Sure I'm sure. Why? Well, usually when someone falls you look down, not across. Well, some of us don't like to watch. V-wing pilot: Unidentified transport, transmit your clearance code. Clearance code? Don't they know who we are? Must be a protocol drill. ( thunderclap, thunder rumbling ) Transmitting clearance code. V-wing pilot: Authorization confirmed. Proceed to landing bay one-tac-one. PA announcer: Level five lockdown remains in effect... Shock troopers? What's the Coruscant Guard doing here? PA announcer: Level five lockdown remains in effect. Security teams, report to the command center. This isn't a drill. Oh, man. What did we miss now? The end of the war. Say again, Trooper. General Grievous was defeated on Utapau. The Separatist leadership has collapsed. The war is over. Just like I said. ( Wrecker gasps ) It is just like you said. Is there a problem? No problem. We'll just head to our barracks then. Best hurry. There's a mandatory general assembly at 1500. It's not just the clones on Kaller. All the regs are acting strange. Let's test that theory. Excuse me, Trooper. What division are you from? Step aside. Oh. Well, they seem the same to me. Wrecker: Ah! Good to be back. The smell's getting worse. You're still new. You'll get used to it. Crosshair: Speak for yourself. Well, I'll get the board. Eleven more successful missions. ( chuckles ) Like there was any doubt. Kaller wasn't a win. Says who? We completed our objective. Not every objective. Hunter let that Jedi kid escape. Or do you want to keep lying to us? I don't like to think of executing our commanders as a mission objective. An order is an order. Since when? None of this makes sense. Those clones served alongside General Billaba for years. How could they turn on her like that? Because of the regs programming. What programming? It's been well documented that the Kaminoans inhibited the cognitive functions of clones to engineer them to follow orders without question. Ha! We sure don't. Obviously, we are different. They manipulated preexisting aberrations in our DNA, resulting in your brute strength, Crosshair's sharpshooting skills, Hunter's enhanced senses and my exceptional mind. My guess is we are immune to the effects of the programming. Though I can't be 100% certain of it. What about Echo? He was a reg before he joined us. Yeah, if all regs were programmed, why didn't I react like the others? The damage you sustained on Skako Minor most likely wiped out all of your preset behavioral modifications. You are more machine than man... percentagewise, at least. ( sighs ) Lucky me. PA announcer: All personnel report to the staging area for a briefing on the state of the Republic. This is one meeting I don't want to miss. First time for everything. Palpatine: And the Jedi rebellion has been foiled. The remaining Jedi will be hunted down and defeated. The attempt on my life has left me scarred and deformed. You can say that again. But I assure you. My resolve has never been stronger! In order to ensure the security and continuing stability... What is it? ...the Republic will be reorganized... into the first... Nothing. ...Galactic Empire! Galactic Empire? For a safe and secure society. ( cheering, shouting ) Yeah! Still don't think the regs are programmed? ( thunder rumbling ) Galactic Empire? We're soldiers of the Republic. Republic, Empire... What's the difference? The systematic termination of the Jedi is a big one for me. Lads, we've got company. Hello. What's that? Adolescent human female. Origins... uncertain. My name's Omega. I was wondering when you guys would come back. You know who we are? Hunter, Echo, Tech, Wrecker and Crosshair. You're Clone Force 99. What are you doing on Kamino, kid? Her job, of course. She is my medical assistant, one with a curious mind that causes her to wander. Come, Omega. There is work to do. This day keeps getting weirder and weirder. Admiral Tarkin, this news is most surprising. Chancellor Palpatine has always supported our cloning advancements in the past. Emperor Palpatine's priorities have changed. With the war at an end, the need for future clones is being questioned. Our contracts stipulate the continued production. Your contracts were with the Republic, which no longer exists. Surely you realize the precarious state this newly formed Empire is in. Clone troopers will be needed to maintain order throughout the galaxy. Indeed. A service conscription soldiers could provide at half the cost. The skill level and efficiency of our clones is far superior to that of any recruited body. I shall be the judge of that, Prime Minister. His shuttle arrived earlier today. I heard he's evaluating all the clones. Good. It's about time some of the fat got trimmed around here. Clones being programmed. Nothing controls me. Wrecker, it is a logical conclusion that your affinity for destruction would stem from your conditioning. You take that back! I am merely stating a scientific hypothesis based on factual data. Well, I got a fact for you. I like to blow things up because I like to blow things up! Got it? Well, I'm convinced. An Imperial's been sent to evaluate the clones. Everybody's talking about it. What kind of evaluation? Hopefully not mental. Clearly we'd never pass that. Hello again. Omega. From earlier? In the corridor? Yeah, kid. We remember. Don't you have someplace to be? No. I'll stay. You want to sit with us? That's never happened before. Wow. I like you. You don't fit in around here either. What are you really doing here on Kamino, kid? Don't you have a family somewhere? Parents? Parents? Check it out. The defect squad's got themselves a new recruit. ( chuckles ) Another member added to the Sad Batch. ( clone troopers laughing ) What the... Who threw that? I did. Now apologize to my friends. I like this kid! What did you say to me? Whoa, whoa, whoa. Back off. I suggest you keep moving. ( scoffs ) Know your place, lab scrabber. ( grunts ) Oops. That's it. Oh, yeah! ( clone troopers shouting ) Oh, not again. Echo, watch out. ( Echo groaning ) AZI-3: But mistress Nala Se summoned you to the sub-level medical wing. You must go. Omega: No. I'm staying here until he wakes up. Whe... Where? ( grunting, groaning ) No! Get them off! But my tests are not yet complete. Echo. Echo, it's... It's okay. It's me. Omega. I understand. I don't like being hooked up to their machines either. Hello, CT-1409. His name is Echo. I am AZI-345211896246498721347, your assigned medical droid. Ha! Told you he's alive! You owe me two credits. CT-1409's condition is stable. But I have some distressing news for the rest of you. According to your test results, you all appear to be genetically defective clones. I will leave you to process the shock of this revelation. We've got a problem. Not really. We're more deviant than we are defective. Not that. Admiral Tarkin's here. He's the one evaluating the clones. The same Tarkin from the Citadel rescue when you, uh... How shall I put this? Blew up. And turned into that. ( sighs ) Yes. And he's not a big supporter of clones. We'll soon find out. We've been summoned by the prime minister. Guess he didn't find that mess hall fight amusing. But I sure did. Come on. Let's get this over with. Wait. The fight was my fault. I'm going too. Not happening. We'll handle this. But I... Listen, kid. Our squad's nothing but trouble. For your sake, keep your distance. Got it? Where do you think you're going? The training facility is that way. Training facility? For a battle simulation. Admiral Tarkin has requested to see more of your squad in action. Then we are not being reprimanded? No, you're being tested. Now, go gear up. So, we're not in trouble, and they want us to fight more? Ha! Maybe this Empire thing's not so bad after all. The value of all clone troopers is being challenged by the Empire. To demonstrate your effectiveness, a combat-proficiency test is in order. Take your positions. We've done these a thousand times, boys. You know what to do. A battle simulation? Give us a real challenge. You may begin. ( beeping ) ( whirring ) Crosshair, take the towers. Move in. Wrecker: Finally! I'll cover you. This is taking way too long! ( shouts ) Huh? Huh? ( laughing ) What else ya got? Gimme more! If the Galactic Empire is to be stronger than the Republic which preceded it, it's soldiers must follow suit. Switch to live fire. Admiral Tarkin, I must protest. Live rounds could damage my clones and my facility. For which you will be fairly compensated. Do it! ( Wrecker laughs ) New toys. Now we're talking. Yeah! Huh? ( groans ) They're using live rounds. Get Wrecker. We'll cover you. Wrecker, are you all right? ( groans ) I felt that one. Hunter: Fall back. Crosshair: This is going well. Echo: These training blasters are useless on them. Hunter: Then we improvise. If Tarkin wants to test us, let's not disappoint him. ( whistles ) Oh! I hate hand signals. Perhaps if you memorized them. Why don't you memorize them? I have. What we did on Felucia. Well, why didn't you just say that? Incoming. Reprogramming this thing will be pointless if you crush it. You better be right about this. These are rather unusual tactics. The clones of experimental Unit 99 have a tendency to veer from standard combat protocol. ( grunting ) Hurry up. Done. Let him go. ( device beeping ) ( grunting ) Wrecker. Look alive. Huh? Stay down! I can't sustain the connection. ( groans ) Tech! Crosshair, we need more cover fire. Wrecker: Tech! Hold tight, buddy. I'm not going anywhere. Wrecker, knife. ( powers down ) Wow. Nice work. Nala: Extraordinary, aren't they? That remains to be seen. Tell me about Clone Force 99. They are medically defective clones whose cellular mutations enhanced traits desirable in a soldier. How many of these enhanced clones do you possess? Five are all that remain. They could be an asset to your new Empire. Yet reports indicate they exhibit a concerning level of disobedience and disregard for orders. A side effect of their mutation. Yet one that has never hindered the completion of their missions. Then they executed Order 66? Since both the Jedi General and Padawan on Kaller were eliminated, one would assume. Assume nothing. Only the general's death is confirmed. A counter-report, filed by one of their own, says the Padawan escaped. Let us see where the loyalty of these clones truly lies. Live rounds? They used live rounds! On us! We were there, Wrecker. We know. I tried to warn you about Tarkin. Who's that Imperial snake think he is? Stow it, already. You got shot. It happens all the time. There's a fundamental difference between taking fire in battle and being used for target practice. Exactly! We're not dummy droids. That much we agree on. That was quite an impressive display. Didn't have much choice. Our new empire may have methods which seem a bit unorthodox, but so does this squadron. Both certainly have their merits. Nala Se speaks quite highly of her five enhanced clones. She claims you're more capable than an army. You have a mission for us, sir? Indeed. We have tracked a group of insurgents to the Onderon sector. They must be dealt with. What sort of insurgents? Separatist forces intent on keeping the galaxy at war. If you neutralize this grave threat, you will be looked upon most favorably as I assess the needs of the Imperial Army. Find any more intel on the insurgents? Negative. Imperial files are locked down tight. Give me time. I'll crack them. I'll say this for the Empire, they know firepower. You should see the new armory. He actually cried. Hey, we both did. There's no room on board for that. Yeah? Well, I'll make room. ( sighs ) A new mission and unlimited explosives. Things are back to normal. That's not going near my rack. I refuse to sleep by a projectile again. Omega: Hunter. I told you to keep your distance. I know, but I need to talk to you. All right. What is it? That Imperial officer, I think he has it out for you. I overheard him talking to Lama Su. He doesn't like clones. ( chuckles ) Ah, that's nothing new for us. But we get the job done. I don't trust him. A mission's a mission. It's nothing to worry about. Then let me come with you. Kid, you're not a soldier. It's dangerous. It's dangerous here too. Things aren't like before. We need to leave Kamino. Wrecker: Hunter, let's go! Change takes getting used to. You'll see. Just give it time. Hunter. Um, n-never mind. Problem? Um, something about her I can't figure out. Well, I guess kids aren't your area of expertise. Omega. Come along. I told you to stay close. ( creature roaring ) Echo: What was that? Tech: You don't want to know. Wrecker: Well, at least it's not a swamp. Crosshair: Close enough. Hunter: The Separatist encampment's two klicks south. We'll continue on foot and do a full perimeter scan. Covertly. Oh, come on. It's been days since I've blown something up. Easy, Wrecker. Your programming's kicking in. Hey, don't start with that! ( grumbles ) ( creatures chirping, chittering ) ( scanner beeping ) Hunter: How many droids are we talking about, Tech? I can't tell from this distance. Something's blocking my scan. Hunter: Clankers always travel in packs. Let's get a closer look at what we're walking into. Hunter: Tell me what you see, Tech. I'm clocking 25 heat signatures ahead but zero droids. Crosshair: Tarkin said insurgents, not droids. Echo: I'm not sure they're either. There are children down there. Hunter: Children? Out here? Something's not right. Crosshair: What are you waiting for? Give the order. Hunter: Negative. Stand down. What? Wrecker: You mean, we're not blasting any droids? Tech: There aren't any droids, Wrecker. Wrecker: Well, so what do we do? Crosshair: We finish the mission. Make the call, Hunter. We're not alone. Now stand down. You heard him. Stand down. Let's hear them out. Trust me. ( sighs ) These aren't Separatists. They're Republic fighters. Why would Tarkin send us to attack our own forces? Because we refuse to fight for an Empire. You're Saw Gerrera. Trained by Captain Rex and General Skywalker to fight for the Republic. So, the newly declared empire sent you to wipe us out? Well, we're here to neutralize a group of insurgents. ( chuckles ) Well... here we are. What are you gonna do? Strike us down like you did the Jedi? Is that a request? Enough. We expected to find battle droids, not... Civilians? Times change, targets change. Why don't you take a look at the insurgents you were sent to destroy? Makes you wonder what else they're lying about. Let's mobilize. Pack up the camp. What's going on here? Who are these people? Villagers, croppers, former Republic fighters, all now displaced refugees since Palpatine unjustly appointed himself Emperor. According to reports, the Jedi made an attempt on the Supreme Chancellor's life. His actions were a defensive measure. And I figured you for the smart one. With the Jedi decimated and the clone army under his command, Palpatine will have control over the entire galaxy. Unless we stop him. The war is over. If we give up now, everything we fought for... everyone we lost, will have been for nothing. I won't let that happen. The Clone War may have ended, but a civil war is about to begin. With a handful of fighters and limited firepower? You don't stand a chance. Not alone we don't. We should leave if we're gonna make the rendezvous. What do we do with them? The clones once helped us free Onderon, so we'll give them a choice. The old ways are done. You can either adapt and survive, or die with the past. The decision is yours. ( droid chatter ) Tech: At least with the Republic we knew where we stood. Tarkin and this Empire are a whole different story. Why are we debating this? We need to complete the mission. Wake up, Crosshair. They sent us to eliminate innocent civilians. Who said they're innocent? What's wrong with you? Me? I'm following orders. Exactly. Those insurgents are plotting against the Emperor. If you don't have the stomach to do what needs to be done, then you're not fit to lead this squad. ( branch snaps ) We're being followed. Tech: That is a probe droid. Wrecker: Tarkin's spying on us now? The Jedi never did that. Crosshair: Not that you know of. Omega. What about her? She warned me about the mission. And Tarkin. She said not to return to Kamino, that it's not safe for us anymore. Wrecker grunts: Maybe she's right. We're taking the word of a child now? I would not discount Omega's insight. A state of heightened awareness is not unusual for an enhanced clone such as herself. ( laughs ) Good one, Tech. You almost had me. When Nala Se spoke of five clones, Tarkin assumed that meant us, but Echo's a reg. The fifth is Omega. I confirmed my suspicions after analyzing her DNA while we were in the infirmary. And you waited until now to mention it? Well, I thought it was obvious. How is it obvious? We're going back for her. Disobeying orders again over a kid? Bad play, Hunter. She's one of us. We're not leaving her there. ( engine starting ) ( thunder rumbling ) Wow. What is all this stuff, AZI? My scanners are indicating an assortment of armament, curios and detritus of little to no value. I like it. We should not be here, Omega. Nala Se instructed us to stay in the medical wing. Don't worry. We're on... a research assignment. A research assignment? Those are my favorite. What is it we are searching for? Is it this? ( object clatters ) What about this? AZI-3: Or this? Is it this? Perhaps this? What about this? This is a curious keepsake. ( screams ) Shh! People will hear us. I have concluded this space is unfit for habitation. ( shock troopers chattering, faint ) Someone is coming. Time to go. You're not authorized to be in here. I... got lost. Sorry. It won't happen again. Pack up their gear and take it to the hangar. You, you're coming with me. We will not. We are official Kaminoan medical personnel... Don't touch me, droid. ( screams ) AZI! I'm getting no response from com-scan. This is unusual. Bring us in. We'll find out what's going on. ( thunderclap, thunder rumbling ) Stick to the plan. Split up, find Omega, meet back here at the ship. Freeze! As expected. The Empire does not tolerate failure, Sergeant. There were complications. Yes, the probe droid's report was quite detailed. Conspiring with Saw Gerrera. I assume you know the punishment for treason. Treason? Throw them in the brig. ( sniffs ) Smells weird. Because it's clean. Well, the plan wasn't a total failure. Goody. I warned you not to come back. Had to. We were looking for you. Me? What do you say, kid? You wanna come with us or did we get captured for nothing? You came back for me? That's right. Or you can stay on Kamino if... No, it's like I said before. I want to go with you. How touching. ( clears throat ) Uh, Hunter, how are we breaking outta here? I'm working on it. You know what you should work on? Explaining when you went soft. Stow it, Crosshair. Don't you see we're locked up in here because of him? He had us disobey orders. I never thought you disobeying orders was a problem. Yeah. We do it all the time. Good soldiers follow orders. Every choice you've made since Kaller has been wrong. First the Padawan, then Gerrera. You're becoming a liability. We can debate my choices later. For now, let's focus on getting outta here. ( exhales ) Omega: You're angry. How perceptive. I know what you're going to do, but please don't. What do you know? I know it's not your fault. You can't help it. CT-9904, you're coming with us. Oh, no, no, no. We stay together. Stand down! Well, what is his status? CT-9904's genetic mutations have altered much of his cranial activity, including his inhibitor chip. Yet he exhibited loyalty to the Empire during their mission. While the chip is not as active as a standard clone's, the order does appear to be working. Can you intensify the programming? Yes. Then proceed. ( whirring ) ( beeping ) I've got it. Why didn't I think of it before? This is not a prison. Yeah, well, I beg to differ. This is a Kaminoan facility. It was built prior to the Clone Wars. There were no barracks or prisons when it was constructed. Well, how does that help us? Because while these cells were retrofitted to hold normal individuals, they could not possibly account for someone like Wrecker. Oh! You mean I could punch our way out? Shh! Shh! Oh. Right. ( whispers ) You mean I could punch our way out? If you punch the correct spot. Right. Show me where. If this is gonna work, we'll need some cover. Form a wall. Hit this. Here. Right. Tell me when. Now. ( grumbles ) Nothing happened. Are you sure this is gonna work? Try it again. A little harder. You're all clear. Make it count. Okay. ( chattering, faint ) Oh, it still didn't work. Oh, yes, it did. Look. I'll never fit through that. Astute as always, Wrecker, but I was actually going to suggest... I'll do it. You sure, kid? I'm sure. Okay. Get to the console and hit the lever to lower the ray shield. Incoming. Wait, where's the girl? You tell us. Harm her and you're a dead man. Operations, we need a status report on prisoner 0219. ( clank ) What was that? Sorry. These floors don't hold me so well on account of them not being designed for abnormal individuals such as myself. What's behind you? Nothing. Move away from the wall. Now. Why don't you come here and make me? ( comm beeps ) Copy that. The girl's still registered in lockdown. Tell us where she is. Hit the switch, Omega! Ah! ( grunts ) Get off! Hey, Red. Ha! Not bad. We need to find out where they took Crosshair. Let's move. ( sighs ) We're not going to get very far without our gear. They started moving all your things to the hangar. Your gear might be there too. This way. All right, boys, suit up. Let's make this quick. Right. No. No! Where is it? Where is it? ( grunting ) It's gotta be here somewhere. Tech, power up the ship. The rest of us will go after Crosshair. I don't think we'll have to go far. Is that Crosshair? Best stand down, Sergeant. Make it easy on yourself. Have you lost your mind? We should've killed that Jedi. You disobeyed orders. I did what I thought was right. You never could see the bigger picture. Now surrender. Is that an order? Heh. I guess it is. Well, I guess I'm disobeying that one too. ( spits ) ( thunderclap, thunder rumbling ) Tech, we gotta move. Now! I'm working on it. Wrecker, clear the smoke on three. You got it, boss. Omega, stay low. One... two... Three! ( groans ) Hunter: Omega, don't! He's using Wrecker as bait. But he needs help. Tech, we're out of time. Almost got it. Seal the bay doors! ( beeps ) ( metal clunking ) ( alarm blaring ) ( blaring continues ) Sir, someone's overriding the controls. When I say "go," you head for that ramp and don't stop. Got it? Echo, we go for Wrecker. Crosshair: Only one way out, Hunter. Your move. Go! ( beeps ) Has the matter been rectified? The inhibitor chip augmentation was a success. However, the remaining clones of squad 99 have escaped, along with Omega. Mmm. We must be cautious. Until the Empire's intentions are made clear, say nothing. Yes, Prime Minister. Ouch! Hey! Hey, hey, hey. What's that gonna do? You'll be okay. Just hold still. Omega: Is this what you were looking for? ( gasps ) You found my Lula! Ow! ( giggling ) ( scanner beeps ) Let's see here. Hold still. Don't examine me. I'm not a computer. This will take just a second. ( beeping ) Get that thing away from me. ( grunts ) Your first time in space? First time anywhere. Impressive shot back there. Where'd you learn to do that? I don't know. I never fired a blaster before. I guess I got lucky. She's not the only one. I'm fine. It'll take more than a blaster shot to take me down. ( chuckles ) You were down. Yeah, well, not for long. ( laughs ) ( groans ) What's the plan, Hunter? I thought we could go off on our own. Lay low. But with Crosshair gunning for us, I'm not so sure. What about your friends? Could any of them help us? That would be a short list. I can think of one. Plot a course for J-19. J-19? We know a guy. ( laughs ) Yeah! Strap in, kid. You're not gonna wanna miss this view. ( beeping )

( computer beeps ) ( sighs ) Well, this is a first. Echo: Inspecting every corner of the ship finally tired her out. Yeah, she's curious. I'll give her that. ( sighs ) Hunter, she's a child. What are we gonna do with her? Tech: We are coming up on Saleucami. ( squawking ) ( growling ) ( squawks ) ( birds chirping ) Hmm? What's with her? ( inhales deeply ) ( exhales ) Whoa. What is this? Tech: That would be dirt. ( gasps ) It's amazing. ( laughs ) Hunter: Come on. Let's get moving. ( squawking ) Whoa. Huh? ( chuckles ) So this friend of yours, what's he doing all the way out here? Hiding. That's what deserters do. Staying off the radar's not our specialty, but he's been doing it for years. And you trust a deserter? Why not? We're all deserters now. What are we looking at? A booby trap. Single trip wire. ( chuckles ) That's cute. Whoa! ( screams ) Easy, Wrecker! W-Was that me? Suu: What do we have here? More clones who have lost their way. It's been a while, fellas. ( music ) I see a few new faces. Echo and Omega, Cut and Suu. Pleased to meet you. Ma'am. Where's Crosshair? It's complicated. Sounds familiar. Rex told us about the clone troopers turning against the Jedi. You talked to Rex? When? Well, he passed through yesterday. Where'd he go? Didn't ask. He was going on about some behavioral implant. He must mean the inhibitor chip. The what? Inhibitor chips. The Kaminoans implanted them in the clones to modify their behavior. Tech, you said the regs were programmed but you never mentioned a chip. How else did you think it worked? Mom, Dad! There's a ship outside! Shaeeah, Jek! Remember me? Uncle Wrecker! Uncle Wrecker! Who are you? Omega. We never see kids around here. Come with us. ( squawking ) Mm... what's the purpose of this? To have fun. Here, you try. Huh? You're supposed to catch it. Oh. All right, out with it. What's with the girl? She's a defective clone, like we are. Not exactly. What do you mean? The Kaminoans don't create without a purpose. You all have one, so what's hers? It doesn't matter. She's just a kid. Mm. Battling droids was easy compared to raising a child. ( chuckling ) You have no idea what you're in for. We didn't have a choice. Kamino wasn't safe anymore. Well, neither is Saleucami. Rex warned us of the storm that's coming. Clone troopers have already started showing up. I'm heading into town to book us a transport off-world. We can take you where you need to go. Nah, you're wanted men. It's too risky. I have to do what's best for them. ( Shaeeah laughing ) I caught it! ( droid beeps, whistles ) ( chattering ) Troops should be pulling their forces, not securing a post. The war is over. ( chuckles ) Well, it doesn't feel that way. ( PA: indistinct ) They started seizing ships about a week ago. Military ships? All ships. They're tagging them inside that impound lot. The stall's up ahead. Let's book the shuttle before we're spotted. So, where will you and your family go next? I suppose find a remote piece of land on a distant planet. That's all we really need. That's the key to not being found? You wanna know how to disappear? Put being a soldier behind you and make a new life for yourself. What do you want? I need to book passage on the next shuttle out of here. Those credits won't do you any good without a chain code. New galactic policy. My what? ( sighs ) Your chain code. admiral ( on PA ): ...your individual chain code, every citizen can exchange their invalid currency for Imperial credits, thanks to the generosity of the new Galactic Empire. The war is over. With peace comes opportunity and prosperity for all. ( male passenger grunting ) I booked passage on this transport. No planetary travel without a chain code. But I have to get on this ship. Stand down, citizen. Get in line, get your chain code, and don't make any trouble. It's not just ships. They're registering people too. ( sighs ) Getting off-planet's gonna be harder than I thought. ( animal squawks ) Nice one. I'll get it. It's past the fence. We'll get it later. Jek! Come inside. We have to finish packing. But it's still early. Inside, now. Where's Omega? She was right behind me. Shaeeah: Omega! Got it! Shaeeah: Omega, don't move! ( growling ) ( growling ) ( beeping ) Hmm. It appears all public transport is now restricted without chain codes. Which Cut can't sign up for. He'll be arrested when they discover he's a deserter. The next shuttle leaves in a few hours. Codes or no codes, we need to be on it. Shaeeah: Mom! Mom, it's Omega! She went out past the fence! ( creature growling ) ( hisses ) ( growling continues ) ( whimpers ) ( growls, winces ) ( growling ) What were you doing out there? Do you realize you could've been killed? Easy. She's not a soldier. Are you hurt? Now, let's take a look here. I'm sorry. I-I was trying to get the ball. I didn't know. You're safe. That's all that matters. Come on. Hey, kid. You all right? She'll be fine. All in all, I would say that could've gone much worse. Tech, you think you could forge some chain codes? I only learned of them moments ago, but yes. Do it. We're getting Cut, Suu and the kids on that shuttle. ( sniffles ) ( sighs ) Need another set of eyes out here? Almost forgot how good of a shot you are. I owe you one. Children will always find ways of getting into trouble, Hunter. It's what they do. Protecting them is what we do. Where's Omega? She wanted to stay on the ship. I've been thinking about what you said. And you're right, she's not a soldier. Just give her some time. When you leave Saleucami, I want Omega to go with you. You two can give her something that we can't. Is that what you really want? It's what she needs. It's ironic. Clones wanted names instead of numbers, yet now people are signing up to be given numbers. It's ingenious. You could create a database to identify anyone in the galaxy. Glad you're impressed, but where are we going to find the data for these chain codes? And the disks? Already thought of that. Clones now control the spaceport. There we can tap into their network and replicate the codes. Then what? Hunter said they're tagging ships inside their impound facility. That is our way in. You're suggesting we call the authorities and have them seize our ship? That is exactly what I am saying. I guess if they think it's abandoned, that just might work. You did what? Tech! This was the simplest solution. Getting our ship impounded is not my idea of a solution. We'll meet you at the spaceport with the chain codes. I have this under control. Hunter: There's one big problem. Omega's on the ship. I think it's a good plan, Tech. So much for simple. clone trooper 1: Clamp it down and add it to the list. We'll run its signature later. What kind of ship is this anyway? clone trooper 2: Looks like a modified Omicron-class attack shuttle. clone trooper 1: It's a mess. No wonder it was abandoned. So far so good. Now how can I help? Echo: You've had enough action for today. We'll handle this. Tech: Go to the security kiosk. Scomp in, copy the data and grab the blank disks for me to program. Echo: Roger that. ( droid beeping ) I don't see any disks, Tech. They'll be locked in a safe compartment. Ah. Found 'em. Excellent. Tech, we're in the spaceport. What is your status? In progress. The encryption shouldn't be a problem. Mom, I don't like this. Everything will be okay. Hurry up. We need those chain codes to get them on the shuttle, or we're going to have to blast our way out of here. Don't worry. I can slip through security unnoticed and deliver the disks to you momentarily. ( alert sounds ) ( comms chatter ) Echo: No chance you're getting past all them undetected. Tech: We can't get caught with these chain codes. We can't get caught at all. What are you talking about? If we get tied up in a blaster fight, they're gonna lock down the whole port. Where'd the disks go? And where's Omega? Found her. Echo: This great plan of yours is looking really lousy about now. Have your chain codes out and ready for inspection. Tech: The chain codes are en route... with Omega. By herself? You let her go by herself? Well, we didn't let her go. I'm on it. She ran off on her own. If something happens to her... Like I said, kids always find trouble. Tech: What is taking so long with the boot? Are you trying to get caught? I'm doing my best. You wanna come out here and give it a try? Hey, who are you? You don't belong here. I'm the maintenance tech. I've got a situation at bay... Tech: That is not ideal. Echo: We're in agreement on that one. ( chirping ) ( beeps, wailing ) No! Don't do that. That hit the spot! Echo: Wrecker, we could use some help over here. On my way. They're waiting for you at the dock. Better get going. Halt. Where are you going? Uh... Show me your chain code, citizen. Sure. I got it right here. Oh, right, must be in this hand. A couple of locals with blasters got past the barrier. clone trooper: Next. Step forward. We're running out of time, Hunter. Omega's on her way. No, something's wrong. She should've been here by now. Stick to the plan, Cut. clone trooper: Let me see your identification. I can't risk it. clone trooper: All right, move along. We have to find another way out. Omega: I'm here. ( whispering ) And I have the chain codes. ( quiet ) Yeah, Omega! Tech accidentally made five disks instead of four. You didn't tell her? Tell me what? clone trooper: Keep moving. The extra chain code's for you, so you can leave with Cut and Suu. Why? Did I do something wrong? You need a family, kid. They're good people. They'll give you the life you deserve. But... I want to stay with you. clone trooper: Quit holding up the line. You have to go, Omega. It's for your own good. ( device beeps ) ( device beeps ) ( device beeping ) You're clear. Go on through. Tech: Hunter, we have worn out our welcome. We need to go right now. On my way. Ready? ( shouts ) ( screams ) ( grunting ) ( grunts ) Tech: Glad you could make it. What are we waiting for? The clamp's still magnetized. The system's not responding. Move. ( grunts ) It responded to that. Let's go. Wait. Omega's not back. Wrecker, she's not... Omega: Wait for me! ( grunting ) Is there a problem? You look like... They need reinforcements at the impound dock. Carry on. ( droid honking ) I know I made a mistake, and I have a lot to learn, but you don't have to get rid of me. I left Kamino with you. This is where I wanna be. Tell you the truth, kid, I guess I've got a lot to learn too. If this is where you want to be, then this is where you'll stay.

    Narrator: Great leaders inspire greatness in others. A galaxy, divided by war. Peaceful worlds must choose sides or face the threat of invasion. Republican Seperatist armies vie for the allegiance of neutral planets Desparate to build a Republic supply base in the system of Toydaria, Jedi Master Yoda travels to secret negotiations on a remote neutral moon.
    Alien: We are getting no signal from the republic your heighness.
    King Katuunko: I don't see anything. It is not like the Jedi to be late.
    Asajj Ventress: Greetings, King Katuunko.
    King Katuunko: Who are you?
    Asajj Ventress: I am only a messenger majesty. My master wishes to speak with you.
    Count Dooku (Hologram): Katuunko, Great king of Toydaria, forgive my intrusion.
    King Katuunko: Count Dooku.
    Count Dooku (Hologram): I am aware Master Yoda hopes you will allow the Jedi to build a Republic base in your system. in exchange for protection, correct?
    King Katuunko: Your spies serve you well, Count.
    Count Dooku (Hologram): I ask, How can the Jedi protect you, if they cannot protect themselves?
    Republican Envoy: Toydarian Royal Delegation, this is the Republican envoy, please respond. General, the Toydarians beacon is active on the moon, but all our transmissions are being jammed.
    Battle Droid: We caught them by surprise alright!
    Republican Envoy: We're losing our shields.
    Yoda: Too late it is, sprung is the trap.
    Republican Envoy: I must get you to safety General.
    Yoda: Retreat you must, on the moon below, is my mission. There, I must go.
    King Katuunko: I suppose you and your droid armies can do better?
    Count Dooku (Hologram): Without a doubt. I sense you are one who respects strength, your heighness. Our droid armies outnumber the Republic clones 100 to 1.
    King Katuunko: Perhaps, But I have heard, That a single Jedi equals 100 battle droids.
    Yoda: Quickly now, Reach the planets surface we must.
    Republican Envoy: In an escape pod sir? The enemy will fire at anything we launch.
    Yoda: Then launch all of them, you will.
    Count Dooku (Hologram): Master Yoda's powers have been greatly exaggerated.
    King Katuunko: That remains to be seen Count.
    Count Dooku (Hologram): Indeed But when you decide to join us, my apprentice will contact me.
    Battle Droid Commander: Hang on, almost What a terrible shot.
    Battle Droid: Ah well, It's my programming.
    Rys: That was a close one.
    Lieutenant Thire: General, I think we're out of range.
    Yoda: I agree, But, entering another trap we are.
    Rys: Are you sure?
    Yoda: A disturbance in the force, there is.
    Asajj Ventress: My Lord, Master Yoda's warship has fled the system. What further evidence do you require of the Jedi's weakness?
    King Katuunko: This is King Katuunko. Speak.
    Lieutenant Thire: Master Yoda would like to talk with you sir.
    Yoda: A pleasure it is, to hear your voice, your heighness. Master Yoda, of the Jedi Council this is.
    King Katuunko: Master Jedi, I though perhaps Count Dooku had, frightened you off.
    Yoda (Hologram): Delayed have I been, but not too far away am I now. Unaware I was, Count Dooku was invited to our meeting.
    King Katuunko: The Count invited himself. He assures me that in this time of war, his droids can offer me greater security than your Jedi.
    Yoda (Hologram): Hmmm, a matter of debate that is.
    Asajj Ventress: Your Majesty might prefer more than words.
    King Katunnko: What do you have in mind?
    Asajj Ventress: If Yoda is indeed the Jedi warrior you believe he is, let him prove it. Allow me to send my best troops to capture him. If he escapes, join the Republic. But should my droids defeat Yoda, consider an alliance with the Seperatists.
    King Katunnko: I did not request Yoda's presence here to test him in battle.
    Yoda (Hologram): Accept the challenge I do, your heighness. Arrive by nightfall, I will. (Calls off)
    King Katunnko: Master Yoda must be given a fair fight.
    Asajj Ventress: My dear King Katuunko, I would have it no other way.
    Yoda: Beautiful this moon is. Amazing the universe is.
    Rys: There's gotta be a full battalion in there. Probably packin' armor too.
    Jek: We'll have somethin' for 'em.
    Asajj Ventress: I'm deploying my forces, master.
    Count Dooku (Hologram): Yoda has made a grave mistake, straying this far from Coruscant.
    Asajj Ventress: I will see the Jedi gets his "fair" fight.
    Yoda: Carry only what you need, slow you down it will. Destroy Ventress, your weapons will not. Come lieutenant. Hurry we must.
    Lieutenant Thire: Sir, the rendezvous point is that way.
    Yoda: As is our enemy. To reach our goal, a straight path we will not follow.
    Lieutenant Thire: Let's move it boys.
    Asajj Ventress: Find Master Yoda.
    Battle Droid: Ahh, what does he look like?
    Asajj Ventress: He'll be the small shriveled green one, with the light saber.
    Battle Droid: Small huh? Don't worry Supreme Leader, we'll take care of him.
    Battle Droid Commander: I think I see them. They're hiding deep in the trees. Fire on Sector 11.
    Yoda: At ease be, my friends, within range we are not.
    Battle Droid Commander: Hold it, Hold it. I said hold it! That's far enough! I mean it! Stop I said Stop! We're too big to fit in there.
    Battle Droid Commander #2: No we're not, watch this. You were right.
    Battle Droid Commander: Next time listen to orders.
    Lieutenant Thire: Those tanks are too big to follow.
    Yoda: See, see? Size is not everything. Smaller in number are we, but larger in mind.
    Jek: Do you have any idea what the General was talkin' about?
    Rys: How should I know? There's no figurin' a Jedi Master.
    Battle Droid Commander: Infantry, advance. Go get 'em boys.
    Lieutenant Thire: Sir, there are two patrols coming in on foot.
    Yoda: Now is the time to face the enemy lieutenant. Ambush them we will.
    Lieutenant Thire: We'll flank them from the South.
    Jek: Right, let's move.
    Battle Droid: What was that? Blast him! Look, little green life form. You bucket head, that's the Jedi! He is a little one. Blast him! Split up by squad and spread out. Roger roger, roger roger.
    Jek: Okay clankers, SUCK LASER! Where's the General?
    Lieutenant Thire: I don't know, we got separated. Clankers! Fall back, there too many of them.
    Battle Droid: He's around here somewhere. Hey, get off of me! Don't move. (Hologram) The Jedi destroyed our advance troops.
    King Katuunko: Master Yoda is living up to my expectations.
    Asajj Ventress: Commander, have you pinpointed the Jedi's location?
    Battle Droid Commander (Hologram): Affirmative. The clones gave away their position. Our heavy troops are moving to engage them now.
    Jek: I hope the General reaches the rendezvous point.
    Rys: This should buy him time. Lieutenant, can you walk?
    Lieutenant Thire: I think I'm okay.
    Super Battle Droid: Die Republic dog!
    Lieutenant Thire: What are we gonna do sir?
    Jek: What's the General doing?
    Rys: Keep blasting!
    Super Battle Droid: Hey, what's going on? Get out of the way, all of you! I'm having a serious malfunction! Don't shoot! I'm on your side!
    Lieutenant Thire: You found us just in time sir.
    Yoda: Left behind, no one will be.
    Lieutenant Thire: Rollers, inbound.
    Yoda: Retreat! Cover you, I will.
    Battle Droid (Hologram): Republic troops are injured, the Jedi is in full retreat Supreme Leader.
    Asajj Ventress: Good. Pursue them without delay.
    King Katuunko: The contest is not over yet. Master Yoda, I hear you're having trouble with the droid army?
    Yoda (Hologram): Trouble? I know nothing of this trouble. Look forward to our meeting soon I do.
    Asajj Ventress: Look forward to our meeting soon I do. The Jedi won't allude me for long.
    Lieutenant Thire: Are you sure we should go in there General?
    Yoda: There's no way out. Now rest, we must.
    Rys: We're low on ammo sir. Only 2 grenades, and 1 rocket for the launcher.
    Jek: Against a battalion? Forget it, we've lost.
    Yoda: So certain of defeat, are you?
    Lieutenant Thire: With respect General, maybe you should go on. Let us slow 'em down.
    Yoda: All around us, is that with which we need to prevail is. Come, sit. Your helmets, remove them. Your faces I wish to see.
    Lieutenant Thire: There's not much to look at here sir. We all share the same face.
    Yoda: Deceive you, eyes can. In the force, very different each one of you are. Rys, always focuse on the enemy, are you. For inspiration, look to yourself, and those beside you. Jek, concerned about weapons you are. Weapons do not win battles. Your mind, powerful it is. Out think the droids, you can. Thire, rush not into fights, Long is the war, Only by surviving it, will you prevail. Yes. Clones you may be, but the force resides in all life forms. Use it you can, to quiet your mind.
    Rys: Tanks. Is that the best they can throw at us?
    Jek: Yeah, but I've only got one shot left.
    Yoda: Greet them I will.
    Lieutenant Thire: General, you don't plan to take that whole column by yourself?
    Yoda: Have you three I do. Outnumbered are they. Know the time to help me, you will.
    Battle Droid Commander: It's the Jedi! Block his escape! Prepare to fire! (Hologram) Supreme Leader, we found the Jedi.
    Asajj Ventress: Excellent. Where is he?
    Battle Droid Commander (Hologram): He's just sitting here, in front of our tanks.
    Asajj Ventress: Shoot him, shoot him now!
    Battle Droid Commander: Quickly! Ready, Aim, Fire! Fire! He's gone under the tank! Oh no! Run for it! But, I, just, got promoted.
    Jek: Doesn't look like the General needs help to me.
    Battle Droid Commander #2: We've got him in our sights.
    King Katuunko: That's a lot of smoke, for a surrender.
    Asajj Ventress: Report. What's going on over there? Where is 224?
    Battle Droid (Hologram): Supreme Leader. The Jedi has overrun our position and--
    King Katuunko: I think perhaps all those stories about the Jedi are true.
    Asajj Ventress: The fight isn't over yet, Majesty.
    Lieutenant Thire: The General's cutting 'em up. We've got trouble. Clankers sent reenforcements. General's too busy with that tank, he won't see 'em coming. I think I know how to deal with them.
    Jek: Yeah! Great shot sir!
    Lieutenant Thire: That's givin' it to the clankers.
    Yoda: Learned something today, have you lieutenant?
    Lieutenant Thire: I think we all did General.
    Yoda: Come, behind schedule are we. Not polite to be late.
    King Katuunko: You were right, Dooku. One Jedi is not worth 100 battle droids. More like, 1,000. I'm sorry, but I will be joining the Republic.
    Count Dooku: I urge you to reconsider wise king. I promise you won't regret it.
    King Katuunko: Your agent also promised me Yoda would get a fair fight. I will not deal with those who break their words.
    Count Dooku (Hologram): So be it. Perhaps our negotiations will be more fruitful with your successor. Ventress, kill him!
    King Katuunko: Jedi Master Yoda. I am very pleased to meet you, at last.
    Yoda: Share the feeling, I do, King Katoonku. Failed you, Ventress has. Count.
    Asajj Ventress: I don't fear you Jedi.
    Yoda: Strong you are with the dark side young one. but not that strong. Still much to learn you have. Surrendur, you should. In the end, cowards are those who follow the dark side.
    Count Dooku (Hologram): It's a pity I wasn't there in person, my old master.
    Yoda: A pity, indeed, my fallen apprentice. Perhaps now, begin negotiations we can.
    King Katuunko: That is not necessary, my friend. You have my faith. Toydaria would be honored to host a Republic base. My people, are at your service.
    Yoda: Your Majesty, fail you, we will not.
    [End of Ambush]

Narrator:The clone starfleet is under seige! Dozens of Republic warships have been destroyed in merciless surprise attacks that leaves no survivors. Rumours spread of a terrible new Separatist weapon. In the face of growing fear, the Jedi Council sends Master Plo Koon to hunt down the menace before it strikes again....

Belief is not a matter of choice, but of conviction. The clone starfleet is under seige. Dozens of Republic warships have been destroyed in merciless surprise attacks that leave no survivors. Rumors spread of a terrible new Separatist weapon. In the face of growing fear, The Jedi Council sends Master Plo Koon to hunt down the menace before it strikes again. The enemy ship has reduced its speed General. They must have realized we're tracking them. We're tracking 3 Republic cruisers. What should we do? Jam their transmissions. The fleet is holding its position sire. I think it wise to report our position before we attack. Skywalkers' fleet is nearby, in the Bith system. Good. Perhaps he can reinforce us. From what I hear, Skywalker's always ready for a fight. So I've heard. Koh-to-ya, Master Plo. Koh-to-ya, little Soka. How's the hunt for the mystery weapon going? We've tracked it to the Abregado system. We need reinforcements. I'll have to ask the Council Master Plo. I was given strict orders to protect our staging area. Master Plo, what's happening What is wrong with the transmission? There's too much interference sir. We've lost 'em. You heard Master Plo, He needs our support. We have to go help him. We have to see what the Council decides first. This is an important meeting, Ahsoka. Remember, be mindful, and speak only when spoken to. This mystery weapon has struck in a dozen systems, and disappeared without a trace. We cannot afford to lose anymore ships my friends. Master Skywalker. Have you had any success in finding General Grievous' secret weapon? Master Plo was here in the Abregado system when we lost contact. - The enemy ship is closing. - Prepare for battle. General Grievous, this will be a suitable test for our new weapon. You may fire when ready. Yes my lord. We're picking up a large energy reading from the target sir. - Open fire. - We're not in range yet sir. Fire! Brace for impact! We're losing all our power. That energy field has left us defenceless. - Their shields are down. - All cannons, fire. Their tearing us apart one by one. Quickly, into the pods. We don't have much time, get inside, hurry! Another successful test, wouldn't you say Count? We must keep our position secret. Send out the hunters. I want all of those lifepods destroyed. We've had no further contact with General Plo Koon. The absence of distress beacons indicates that his fleet was that his fleet was destroyed, like the others. We are about to prepare a rescue mission. Hasn't clone intelligence reported this weapon never leaves any survivors? The Separatists are being unusually tidy. They don't want any witnesses. Tragic are these losses, but prevent more, we must. The power grid is burned out. We've no engines, communications or life support recharge. So, we'll just sit here, and hold our breath. Someone will come looking for us, right? Let's get the power restored, so we are here to be found. All our battle groups will be reassigned to guard our supply convoys. Including yours Skywalker. I'm afraid we can't risk any more ships with a rescue mission. Wait! Just because there haven't been any survivors before, doesn't mean there won't be any this time. Boldly spoken for one so young. She is learning from Anakin. Excuse my padawan. We will deploy, as you've instructed, Master. Ahsoka! If anyone could survive, Master Plo could. - I don't understand why - What you don't understand, is Jedi protocol, or your place, my young padawan. Admiral. We'll split up our ships to maximize our defense area. I'll scout ahead for enemy activity. Isn't that risky, with the mystery weapon out there? It might be, but I know you won't argue my orders. Come on Snips. The air in here's getting a bit stale. Don't look at me, it's Boost sir. He only takes a bath when he's on leave. Save it. Just keep working on the pod, not your jokes. Do you think we've got a chance General? I don't believe in chance Commander. I know if we work together we will stay alive, and someone will find us. With all due respect General, strategically it doesn't make any sense for someone to come look for us. If I was in command, I'd be huntin' that weapon down. I value your life, - more than finding that weapon. - Sir. There's another pod out there. If we only had power we could contact them. How 'bout we just wave hello when the viewport comes around. . They're dead. Someone busted that pod wide open. We are not alone out here. Set those new coordinates R2? Master, I should tell you why I spoke up before You don't have to explain anything. R2, set up the scanner, modulate for incoming, "mystery" weapons. No, R2, tune the scanners for life forms. highest sensitivity. Why would we scan for life forms to spot an enemy weapon probably just filled with, battledroids? The Abregado system. So it's okay when you don't follow what the council says! Doing what the Jedi Council says, that's one thing, how we go about doing it, that's another. That's what I'm trying to teach you my young padawan. So you always meant to come out here for survivors? Lives are in danger Asohka, we can't just turn our backs on them. That's what I said back in the briefing room! I know, but the way you said it was wrong. Hurry up, switch on the illuminator. We haven't got much time before the fleet misses us. No, that's not it. This one goes there, that one goes there. Are you sure? We don't want to make things worse. How, are we gonna make things worse? When you ask for trouble, you should not be surprised when it finds you. I think trouble already found us sir. What if we connect these two wires, right here? I'm getting something. pod 197we're under attack. Is anyone out there? It's one of our other pods. I repeat, we are under attack. Is anyone out there? That signal is weak, they must be close by. They've locked onto our ship! Go get 'em boys! Our position is mark 12, at point 26. - Let's cut this can open. - I have visual contact. Pod 1977, do you copy? The droids are hunting for survivors. They're cutting through! There they go. Things, just got a lot worse. The scanners are practically useless. Got anything on the emergency channel R2? Now Ahsoka, we might find something you don't want to find. I know Master, but I have to believe. How do you know Master Plo anyway? He's one of my oldest friends. It was Master Plo Koon who found me, and brought me to the temple where I belonged. Now he's lost, so I thought, maybe I could find him. Incoming transmission Master. Anakin, where are you? Hello Master. Uh, we made a quick stop in the Abregado system. - You have other orders. - It was my idea Master Obi-Wan. Oh I'm sure. - Well, have you found any survivors? - No, you were right. The Separatists don't want any witnesses. All the more reason for you to rejoin the defensive escorts. We need you, Anakin. You're going to miss the rendezvous with the fleet if you don't hurry. I know Master. We're on our way. I'm sorry Ahsoka. What is it R2? R2 thinks he's got something on the emergency channel. Can he trace it? Let's get going. I think they see us. Corporal, there's another pod over there. It is time to go. Go? Where are you going sir? Outside to destroy the enemy. I can withstand the pressure for a brief time. Put your helmets on. If you say so sir. Wolf, keep the communications signal alive. It is our only chance someone will find us. Let's just hope someone's looking for us. Are we still picking up that signal? Yes, but why aren't we finding anybody? I don't know Ahsoka, I don't know. Well, this looks like the last one. Let's finish the job. Is there anyone out there? This is Ahsoka Tano. Can anyone here me? Time to put the squeeze on them. Is there anyone out there? Come in. - This is Ahsoka Tano. - It's Ahsoka. - She must be close. - Keep the signal alive, commander. R2, see if you can boost the reception. Patience. We're trying to boost the power. Hang on. We're losing the signal. The pod can't take much more damage. - Sinker, your turn. - I'm on it boss. What the Eat lazer clankers. Sir, we've lost contact with the pod hunter. Perhaps some survivors are putting up a fight. That is something we cannot allow. We must find a way to destroy this mystery weapon. In this war, a step ahead of us, Dooku always seems. Tell me, has there been any word from Master Plo Koon or his fleet? No, we must fear the worst. Actually, I just received word that Anakin has found the remains of Master Plo's fleet and is searching the debris for survivors. On whose authority has he done this? His own, I'm afraid. With his fleet out of position, we are left vulnerable. Oh his fleet is right where it should be, He's taken only a small ship, and his padawan. Twice the trouble, they have become. A wreckless decision, Skywalker has made. Let us hope it is not a costly one. Well, General, another fine mess we've gotten into. Your sense of humor is improving. I don't mean to say I told you so, but I never believed anyone would come looking for us. Anakin, the Council is furious. Why, have you left your post? I decided we couldn't just give up on Master Plo Koon. A noble gesture, Anakin. But the Council feels your daring may put others in danger. Please, listen to me Anakin. Return at once. Yes, Exellency. Time to go Ahsoka. We have to stay. Ahsoka, I want to believe Master Plo is alive but I know he's alive! I can sense it. Seargent, why are you so certain no one is coming? We're just clones sir. We're meant to be expendible. Not to me. - There they are! - Ready tow cable Cable loaded Master. Come on, hurry! Are you okay Master Plo? There's someone in the pod. Will they be alright? The pressure suits offer some protection, but they require a medical frigate for recovery. I will stabilize them sir. Your men are safe now. Tell me, were there any survivors? We couldn't find anybody else. The hunters must have destroyed the rest. I'm sorry, Master Plo. We tracked the mystery weapon to this system, that is when we found out it was an ion cannon. An ion cannon? A weapon that neutralizes all power to our ships, leaving the targets defenseless. There's a massive vessel approaching. Shut down the power systems before they detect us. The droid! Sorry little guy. That is one big, cruiser crusher. There's still no signal from the pod hunter. Reduce speed and activate your scanners. We will find who is responsible. - Hey, what's with the lights? - Power is gone out. Maybe that ship has returned. We should get up to the bridge. You're too weak. Let me go see what is wrong. We're picking up a faint signal from a droid, it's not one of ours. They're right behind us. Move us into attack position. They're coming back. Are all the systems shut down? Is there a problem sir? We forgot to shut off the medical droid. We've got to get the power back on now. - May I be of assistance? - No thanks. Just get in the back and take care of the clones. That is my programming, sir. - Come on, we've gotta get out of here. - I know! I know! Sir, the enemy is attempting to flee through the debris field. General, I don't want any witnesses. Energize plasma rotors. R2, program the navicomputer. Be ready to get us out of here. You forgot, we turned him off! 'Cotooya' droid. Target range almost locked sir. They're not going to make it. R2, program the hyperdrive. Anywhere, hurry! Enemy ship targeted General. Fire! Master? We're clear. Now the Republic will learn of our ion cannon. Your failure is most unfortunate. I will have to discuss this, with my Master. - Get back to work! - Roger roger. Thanks for getting us out of there in one piece General Skywalker. You have my padawan to thank for that. She always said you guys would pull through. General Plo said someone would come for us, we're glad he was right. Skywalker, it is time to give our report to the Council. Right, the Council report Come on, Ahsoka. You want me there? - I figured because of before - Asohka, through it all you never gave up, You did a great job. But, if I'm getting in trouble for this, you're gonna share some of the blame too. so come on, let's go. Right beside you, Master. 

Narrator: Easy is the path to wisdom for those not blinded by ego. A deadly weapon unleashed! The Separatist battleship Malevolence advances unopposed through Republic space, tearing apart any ship that stands in its path. After a daring rescue and narrow escape, Anakin Skywalker prepares a counterattack on the enemy ship and its diabolical droid commander, General Grievous



REPUBLIC WARSHIP

Admiral Yularen: This strike force has been commissioned by the Senate to hunt down the enemys new battleship. As the bulk of our fleets are engaged on the front lines, well be on our own. General Skywalker has prepared our attack strategy.

Anakin Skywalker: Thank you, Admiral. 

Malevolence hologram appears. 

Anakin: While our capital ships are vulnerable to the enemys attack, I believe a squad of bombers can outmanoeuvre their ion weapon. Our target will be the bridge and General Grievous.

Matchstick: The head clanker. Skywalkers getting pretty ambitious.

Anakin: Our bombers will attack at high speed to evade the enemys ion weapon. Well concentrate our firepower on the bridge superstructure, here. We destroy General Grievous and the ship will fall with him. Any questions?

Matchstick: Just tell us where that metal head is, sir.

Broadside: Yeah, weve been waiting for a chance to take him out.

Anakin: Alright, men, settle down. We destroy Grievous, we can bring the war to a quicker end. Pilots, prepare your bombers.

End of the explanation, Plo Koon and Ahsoka Tano arrive.

Plo Koon: Skywalker, this is an aggressive plan. Are you sure your squadron can complete this mission?

Anakin: Lets ask them. Matchstick! You think our boys can pull it off?

Matchstick: Yes, sir! There hasnt been a mission Shadow Squadron couldnt complete. Thats right. Minimal casualties, maximum effectiveness. Thats us.

Plo Koon: I admire your confidence, pilot. Even so, minimal casualties may be enough to prevent you from breaking Grievous defences.

Ahsoka Tano: Master Plo is right. With Grievous on that ships bridge, its bound to be well protected.

Anakin: Dont worry, Ahsoka. Well destroy that bridge, and Grievous along with it.

Plo Koon: Master Skywalker seems to inspire great confidence in his men.

Ahsoka: He does lead by example.



MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE

General Grievous: So much for the Jedi escort.

Random Droid: The last transport is fleeing, General. Youve got them on the run.

Grievous: They wont get far. Charge the plasma rotors!



LAST TRANSPORT

Random Clone: Theyre moving to attack position, sir.

Random Clone: Still setting the coordinates.

Random Clone: Are we clear to make the jump to hyperspace?



MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE

General Grievous: Fire ion weapon!



LAST TRANSPORT

Random Clone: Weve lost all power!



MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE

Random Droid: Boy, this is a lot more fun when theyre not shooting back.

Random Droid: I still cant seem to hit anything.

General Grievous destroys the droid.

Count Dooku (Hologram): Grievous, those battle droids are expensive. The Jedi are never that harsh with their clones.

Grievous: The care these Jedi show for their troops is a weakness.

Dooku (Hologram): A weakness we shall continue to exploit. I have the coordinates for a new target.

Republics secret Outer Rim Medical Station Hologram appears.

Dooku (Hologram): The Republics secret Outer Rim medical station. It is unprotected and treating over 60,000 wounded clones. We will do them a favour and put them out of their misery. Once you have destroyed it, there will be nowhere for the Jedi to send their wounded, and they will die.

Grievous: It will be a pleasure, my lord.

Dooku (Hologram): I feel very confident leaving the ship under your command, General.

Dooku Hologram disappears.

Escape pods appear from the last transport.

Random Droid: General!

Grievous: Target those escape pods! I have a reputation to uphold.



REPUBLIC WARSHIP

Ahsoka Tano: Which ones mine?

Anakin Skywalker: Youre with me. Youll be my gunner.

Ahsoka acts deceived.

Anakin: Somebodys got to watch my back.

Ahsoka: Broadside could do that. Besides, you have R2.

Anakin: But I so enjoy your company, my Padawan.

Ahsoka: Just admit it. You dont like my flying.

Anakin: Well, no, I No, its not that. Its just I

Plo Koon and Admiral Yularen arrive.

Plo Koon: Skywalker. The enemy warship has attacked our convoy of medical transports near Ryndellia.

Ahsoka: Medical transports? Only General Grievous would go after clones who cant fight back.

Anakin: The Ryndellia system Near Naboo! Isnt that where our medical base is? Ill bet that will be his next target.

Plo Koon: There are many star clusters in that area. With a ship that big, he will be unable to chart a course thats less than 10 parsecs.

Anakin: Looks like were gonna have to take a shortcut. Admiral, warn that station whats coming.

Plo Koon: This journey may be treacherous. If you lose any ships before you reach the target

Anakin: We wont lose anybody.

Plo Koon: I will come along and fly fighter escort.

Anakin: Any help is welcome, Master Plo. Just try not to fall behind.

Anakin and Admiral Yularen leave.

Ahsoka: I had a feeling youd be coming along. Your ship has already been prepped.



SECRET OUTER RIM MEDICAL STATION

Nala Se: Even if we had the transports, it is not possible to evacuate all of our wounded in time.

Admiral Yularen (Hologram): You must try. You wont stand a chance against that battleship.

Obi-Wan Kenobi (Hologram): Nala Se, I only just received word. Ive contacted the Naboo. They are sending ships to help you. And I am on my way, as well.

Nala Se: Thank you, Master Jedi.

Holograms disappear.

Random Clone: Even if they reach us in time, do you really think theyre going to stop that thing?

Nala Se: It is our only hope.



REPUBLIC WARSHIP BRIDGE

Admiral Yularen: Launch the fighters.



SHADOW SQUADRON

Obi-Wan Kenobi (Call from Ship): I hope you know what youre doing, Anakin.

Anakin Skywalker: Well, if I dont, I wont be around to hear the I told you so.

Obi-Wan (Call): Thats reassuring. Well, take your shortcut, and Ill take the long way. But you better be there before I arrive.

Anakin: Ill be there, Obi-Wan.

Obi-Wan ends call.

Anakin: Shadow Squadron, tighten formation. Call in.

Shadow 2: Shadow 2, standing by.

Shadow 3: Shadow 3, standing by.

Shadow 4: Shadow 4, standing by.

R2-D2 speaks to Ahsoka.

Ahsoka Tano: I know R2. This is gonna be a tough one.

Anakin: Cut the chatter, Ahsoka.

Sadow 11: Shadow 11, standing by.

Shadow 12: Shadow 12, standing by.

Fighter Escort and Plo Koon arrive.

Plo Koon: Fighter escort ready.

Admiral Yularen (Call from Ship): This is Admiral Yularen. You are cleared for hyperspace jump. Good hunting, sir.

Anakin: Thanks, Admiral. Alright boy, lets go.

Matchstick: Broadside, if we make it through this one, drinks are on me.

Broadside: I can already taste it.



MALEVOLENCE IN HYPERSPACE

General Grievous: Whats taking so long? I want to get there before too many wounded clones escape.

Random Droid: Sorry, sir. The navicomputer has had to calculate a complex course around a large nebula near the medical station.

Grievous: They told me this ship was fast!



SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT

Shadow Squadron and Fighter Escort leave hyperspace.

Anakin Skywalker: Okay, if we can just manage to navigate through my shortcut, well be alright.

Plo Koon: A nebula can be very unpredictable. I advise caution.

Matchstick: Dont worry about us, Master Jedi. We can hold our own. Right, Shadow Squadron?

Random Clone: Copy that, Shadow 2

Ahsoka Tano: Does anyone care what the Padawan thinks?

Anakin: Of course we care, Snips! But were still going through that nebula.

R2-D2 conforts Ahsoka.

Ahsoka: Thanks, R2.



SECRET OUTER RIM MEDICAL STATION

Random Clone: The evacuation is proceeding slowly, madam.

Nala Se: We will have to move the patients in stable condition first. The more critically injured will have to wait.

Random Clone: What about the batch tanks? Many of those men cant be moved at all.

Nala Se: I know, Commander. Guide the patients that can be moved onto transports as quickly as you can.

Random Clone: At once, madam.



SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT

Matchstick: This soup is thick. Can you see anything?

Anakin Skywalker: Just keep your eyes on my thruster, Shadow 2.

Ahsoka Tano: Theyll have to. The scanners are useless.

Anakin: This is old-fashioned flying. You have to feel your way through to stay on course.

Plo Koon: Skywalker is right, Ahsoka. Clear your mind, young one, and you will see the path.

Ahsoka: Right now, I cant see anything at all.

Broadside: I always know where Im going.

Matchstick: Yeah? Wheres that, Broadside?

Broadside: Im going to blow up that battleship.

Plo Koon: A clear path if ever there was one.



MALEVOLENCE IN HYPERSPACE

Random Droid: Sir, the navicomputer indicates we only have one parsec to go.

General Grievous: Good. We will maximise our casualties with this attack.

Random Droid: General, theres an incoming transmission from Count Dooku.

Count Dooku Hologram appears.

Count Dooku (Hologram): General Grievous, I have received intelligence from Lord Sidious. The Republic has launched a small strike force to attack the Malevolence.

Grievous: Let the Republic come! Our ship is unstoppable!

Dooku (Hologram): Skywalker is leading the mission. Do not underestimate him.

Grievous: I assure you, Count, if anything, it is Skywalker who will underestimate this ship and its power.



SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT

Ahsoka Tano: So Skyguy, how did you know about this shortcut?

Anakin Skywalker: Its an old smugglers route. The pilots used to talk about it on Tatooine.

Ahsoka: Smugglers route? Ha! That makes me feel better!

Anakin: They call it Balmorra Run.

Plo Koon: Balmorra Run?

Ahsoka: I think Im picking up a contact.

Plo Koon: Skywalker! Listen to me! We need to turn around!

Anakin: We cant. Not if were gonna catch Grievous.

Ahsoka: Another contact! This ones much larger.

Plo Koon: Skywalker! Balmorras the nesting ground of the giant Nearby mantas!

Ahsoka: Another? Another!

Many giant Nearby mantas appear.

Anakin: Take evasive action!

Ahsoka: Those gas-gulpers are huge!

Plo Koon: Dont shoot, or theyll panic!

Ahsoka: Theyll panic? Im about to panic! There are so many of them!

Matchstick hits a giant Nearby manta.

Matchstick: Im hit! My stabilisers out!

Anakin: Pull it together, Matchstick!

Matchstick fixes the issue.

Matchstick: Im okay. I got it.

Ahsoka: These things are gonna make a meal out of us!

Anakin: All wings, line up behind me!

Random Clone: Roger that, boss.

Plo Koon: Hurry! They will not follow us beyond the nebula.

Ahsoka: That one looks hungry.

Anakin: Nah, its just smiling at you.

Ahsoka: Were coming out of it!

They come out of the nebula.

Ahsoka: Lets hope your shortcut paid off.

Anakin: Were not far behind Grievous now.



REPUBLIC WARSHIPS

Admiral Yularen: The medical station reports 50% of patients evacuated.

Obi-Wan Kenobi: Thats not good enough. Theyll never be finished before the enemy arrives.

Admiral Yularen: General Skywalker still has a chance to catch Grievous.

Obi-Wan: If he does, we have to be ready.

Admiral Yularen: Yes, sir.

SHADOW SQUADRON AND FLIGHT ESCORT

Plo Koon: Shadow 2, what is the damage to your ship?

Matchstick: Just a scratch, sir.

Plo Koon: We must not take any more unnecessary risks. If we lose even a single ship, our mission is that much closer to failure.

Anakin Skywalker: Understood, Master Plo. But we didnt lose any ships, and I didnt

Random Clone: Sir, another contact!

Ahsoka Tano: I thought those things wouldnt follow us.

Random Clone: Not following, coming out of hyperspace. Its a ship. Its the Malevolence.



MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE

Random Droid: A squadron of Republic fighters is approaching.

General Grievous: Skywalker! Launch fighters and bring the ship around.

Random Droid: There are several medical transports surrounding the station.

Grievous: Target the transports first! I want every single ship destroyed!

Random Droid: Roger, roger.

Malevolence fires ion canon on transports and starts shooting at them.

Grievous: Ha! This is too easy!



SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT

Ahsoka Tano: Weve got fighters coming in!

Fighters arrive, space battle starts.

Anakin Skywalker: Hold it steady. Come on, hold it steady.



MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE

General Grievous: Charge the ion cannon and prepare to fire!

Random Droid: But, sir, our fighters will be caught in the blast.

Grievous: Fire at my command!



SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT

Anakin Skywalker: Get those fighters off of us!

Ahsoka Tano: Your fancy flying is making it difficult!



MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE

General Grievous: Fire!

Malevolence fires ion cannon



SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT

Ahsoka Tano: Incoming!

Anakin Skywalker: Make towards the edge of the ray! Now! Give it everything youve got.

Ahsoka: Shadow 2, your speed is dropping. Whats wrong?

Matchstick: Nothing, sir. Just trying to keep it together.

Anakin: You can make it, Matchstick. Hang on!

Shadow 2 catches fire and comes down, Matchstick dies.

Random Clone: Watch out!

Shadow 2 crashes on Shadow 8.

They escape the ion cannon.

Anakin: Shadow Squadron, check in.

Ahsoka: We lost Matchstick and Tag. Shadows 6, 7 and 10 were caught in the ray.



SECRET OUTER RIM MEDICAL STATION

Random Clone: It looks as though Skywalker has failed. Hes lost almost half his ships. We should go, madam.

Nala Se: I will stay.



SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT

They are showered by blasts from the Malevolence.

Plo Koon: Stay on course.

Random Clone: This flak is heavy!

Anakin Skywalker: All deflectors, double front!

Ahsoka Tano: Master! We need a new plan!

Anakin: We can make it, Ahsoka. Hang in there!



MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE

Random Droid: Sir, the enemy fighters are closing.

General Grievous: Let them come! Prepare ion cannon. First we will destroy the medical station, then we will finish off Skywalker.

Random Droid: I have a bad feeling about this.



SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT

Anakin Skywalker: Watch those towers, boys!

Random Clone: Were too close! Loosen up!

Random Clone gets shot at and crashes, dies.



MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE

Random Droid: Ion cannon ready.



SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT

Anakin Skywalker: Theyre targeting the station. Were running out of time.

Ahsoka Tano: Master! You can make it, but everyone else is getting shot down! Master!



MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE

Random Droid: Station has been targeted.

General Grievous: Start the ion cannon acceleration.



SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT

Plo Koon: If we can do enough damage, the weapon may overload when Grievous tries to fire.

Anakin Skywalker: Shadow Squadron, new target. Were taking out the starboard ion cannon.



MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE

Random Droid: Ion cannon, 75% charged.

General Grievous: Hurry!



SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT

They launch torpedoes onto ion cannons.

Anakin Skywalker: Torpedoes away!



MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE

General Grievous: Fire!

Ion cannons explode, Malevolence starts fleeing the battle.



SHADOW SQUADRON AND FIGHTER ESCORT

They approach the secret Outer Rim medical station.

Anakin Skywalker: Nice job, Ahsoka!



MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE

General Grievous: Damage report.

Random Droid: Weve lost both primary weapons. The hyperdrive has been disabled.

Grievous: Impossible!

Random Droid: General, we are picking up three Republic warships entering the system.

Republic warships come out of hyperspace



REPUBLIC WARSHIP BRIDGE

Obi-Wan Kenobi: Anakin, do you copy?

Anakin Skywalker (Call from Space): Im here.

Obi-Wan: Congratulations. It looks like your mission was a success.

Anakin (Call): Partially, but Grievous is still alive. The battle was pretty rough on my men. Were heading for the medical station.

Obi-Wan: Well take it from here. But dont worry, well call when we need you.

Anakin (Call): Ill be waiting, Obi-Wan.

Ends call

Obi-Wan: Alright, lets finish what Anakin started. Ahead full.

Republic Warships start shooting at Malevolence



MALEVOLENCE BRIDGE

General Grievous: Full retreat! Make for Separatist space.



SECRET OUTER RIM MEDICAL STATION LANDING BAY

Plo Koon: Great job, Master Skywalker. Your leadership skills are most impressive.

Anakin Skywalker: You didnt do so bad yourself.

Ahsoka Tano: Uh, excuse me, I believe it was my suggestion to change the plan.

Anakin: Thats kind of true, Snips.

Plo Koon: From a certain point of view.

Anakin: Make sure our ships are ready. Well only have a short time before Obi-Wan calls us for support.

Random Clone: Yes, sir.

Anakin and Ahsoka enter the medical station.

Nala Se: General Skywalker, I wanted to thank you for your valiant effort today. Do not take the lives you saved lightly.

Anakin: I dont. But I also cant take the lives I lost lightly.

Nala Se: I see.

Anakin: If you will excuse me, I must prepare for the coming battle.

Anakin leaves.

Nala Se:  Your master is a very curious Jedi.

Ahsoka: He is one of a kind. 

    Narrator: As the war escalates in the Outer Rim, the Jedi knights are spread thinly across the galaxy. Many new clones are rushed into service to support their Jedi generals. Unfortunately, because of the relentless demands of battle, many young clones must join the struggle before their intensive training has been completed. These clones, manning of a whole network of tracking stations, are all that stands between the Republic and invasion.
    Sentry: This is the deck officer checking in. Nothing going on. As usual.
    Woman: You're listening to the grand army of the Republic broadcast. The voice of the Outer Rim. This next one goes out to the med-jumpers of the 224th. Smugging it out on Membom. Keep your heads down and your seals tight, boys.
    Hevy: Yes! Who's next? Fives?
    Fives: Shouldn't you watching your scopes, Hevy?
    Hevy: Let's take a look. Well, you know? All clear. Just like the last thousand times I looked at it.
    Echo: Personally, I like that it's so quiet out here. I can catch up on the reg manuals.
    Hevy: Echo, what is wrong with you? We should be out on the front lines, blasting droids.
    Cutup: Leave him alone. They kept him in his growth jar too long.
    Hevy: Yeah. You may not realize it yet, Fives, but you landed on the most boring post in the Outer Rim.
    Droidbait: And one of the most important.
    Cutup: Attention! Sergeant on deck!
    Sergeant O'Niner: At ease! Even though you're all new here, I shouldn't have to remind you that this quadrant is key to the Outer Rim. If the droids get past this station, they can surprise-attack the facilities where we were born on our home world of Kamino. There are some officers on the way, so I want everything squared away for inspection. Understood?
    Clone Troopers: Sir, yes, sir!
    Obi-Wan Kenobi: Still here, Anakin.
    Anakin Skywalker: When was the last time you slept? I'll sleep after we find general Grievous. Clone intelligence spotted him in the Balmorra system. That was weeks ago. Since then, he vanished.
    Obi-Wan Kenobi: Well, unlike you, maybe he's getting some much-need rest.
    Wullf Yularen: Excuse me, general. Incoming transmission from commander Cody.
    Commander Cody (Hologram): General Kenobi, General Skywalker.
    Obi-Wan Kenobi: Cody. How goes the inspections?
    Commander Cody (Hologram): The tracking station in Pastil is fully operational. Captain Rex and I are proceeding to the outpost in the Rishi system.
    Obi-Wan Kenobi: Good. Report back once you've arrived.
    Commander Cody (Hologram): Copy that. Cody out. (Calls off)
    Obi-Wan Kenobi: Good man, that Cody. Don't worry, Anakin. If general Grievous comes anywhere near this quadrant, we'll know about it.
    Sentry: Sir, incoming meteor shower.
    Sergeant O'Niner: Raise the shield.
    Cutup: You wanted excitement, Hevy.
    Echo: Right. Meteor shower.
    Clone Trooper: What the--
    Commando Droid: Get these doors open.
    Commando Droids: Roger, roger.
    Sergeant O'Niner: CT-327, report in. Sentry, do you copy?
    Clone Trooper: Interference from the meteors?
    Hevy: I don't see him down there, sarge. You two, go find him.
    Clone Trooper: Droids!
    Sergeant O'Niner: Sound the alarm!
    Hevy: They've disabled the beacon.
    Sergeant O'Niner: Get a message to the fleet! We have to warn--
    Hevy: Sarge!
    Echo: That should slow those buckets down.
    Hevy: This way. Hurry!
    Cutup: No, we can--
    Hevy: There's too many.
    Commando Droid (Hologram): The outpost is secure, general. We shut down the alarm and turned on the all-clear signal.
    General Grievous: Excellent. Keep that signal alive. I don't want the Republic to find out we're coming.
    Battle Droid: General, our spy on Kamino is making contact.
    Asajj Ventress (Hologram): All the preparations for your invasion are in order.
    General Grievous: Good. Our fleet is approaching the system. We are almost at the rendezvous point.
    Asajj Ventress: Very good, my Lord. I will await your arrival.
    General Grievous: The destruction of Kamino will stop their production of clones for good.
    Commander Cody: Rishi outpost, this is commander Cody. Do you copy? Rishi outpost, please respond.
    Commando Droid: Open, open Open comlink channel.
    Commander Cody: Rishi outpost, come in. Rishi outpost, come in.
    Sergeant O'Niner: Sorry, commander. We're, experiencing technical difficulties.
    Commander Cody: This is the inspection team.
    Sergeant O'Niner: Inspection? Negative, negative. We, do not require an inspection. Everything is fine here. Thank you.
    Commander Cody: We'll be the judge of that. Prepare for our arrival.
    Sergeant O'Niner: Roger, roger.
    Captain Rex: Something's not right here.
    Commander Cody: Well, good luck. I'm putting you in charge of this one.
    Fives: What do we do without the sarge?
    Sentry: The reg manual says the next--
    Hevy: Wait. Wait. Did you hear that?
    Echo: Yeah, what is that? It doesn't sound like droids.
    Hevy: Don't forget about those giant eels.
    Echo: I've never seen-- Cutup! What the hell was that?
    Sentry: That was an eel. Now, that's why we have the regulation not to go outside.
    Echo: Let's move before it comes back.
    Sentry: Poor Cutup.
    Echo: Look! It's commander Cody. It's the inspection team.
    Commander Cody: This is not good. I don't see the deck officer anywhere.
    Captain Rex: These boys are sloppy. There should always be an officer on duty.
    Echo: We have to warn them. Get on the comlink.
    Captain Rex: I have a bad feeling about this.
    Sergeant O'Niner: Welcome to Rishi, Commander. As you can see, the outpost is operating at peak efficiency. Thank you for visiting, and have a safe trip back.
    Commander Cody: We need to inspect the base just the same.
    Sergeant O'Niner: There is no need. Everything is fine and fully operational.
    Sentry: It's no good. Their comlinks are on a different scramble set.
    Hevy: I'll signal them with this flare.
    Captain Rex: Take us to the Sergeant in command.
    Sergeant O'Niner: Roger, roger.
    Commander Cody: A droid attack flare? Rex! What the heck are you doing?
    Captain Rex: Relax. Just as I thought. Looks like one of those new commando droids.
    Commander Cody: That flare must have come from the survivors.
    Captain Rex: Ambush!
    Commander Cody: Those clankers have tough armor.
    Captain Rex: We're cut off. Off the platform!
    Commander Cody: Copy that.
    Commando Droid: No sign of them. They must have been pulverized. Resume defensive posts.
    Captain Rex: Well, that sure complicates things, commander. No worse than that time on Tibrin. We had Jedi with us on Tibrin.
    Commander Cody: They helped.
    Captain Rex: Hands above your head. Take your sun bonnets off.
    Commander Cody: Sir?
    Captain Rex: Take 'em off! Now!
    Echo: Nice shot.
    Captain Rex: The name's Rex. But you'll call me Captain or sir.
    Clone Troopers: Sir, yes, sir!
    Commander Cody: I'm Commander Cody, your new boss.
    Fives: My designation is trooper 27-5555, sir.
    Hevy: We call him Fives. I'm Hevy. This is Echo.
    Commander Cody: Where's your Sergeant?
    Echo: Dead, sir. We're all that's left.
    Captain Rex: Looks like we got ourselves a batch of shinies, Commander.
    Echo: Shinies, sir?
    Captain Rex: That's right. Your armor, it's shiny and new, just like you.
    Sentry: Sir, me and my batchers are trained and ready. We'll take back our post, shiny or not.
    Captain Rex: There's hope for you yet, rookie.
    Wullf Yularen: Commander Cody, do you copy? Captain Rex, please respond.
    Obi-Wan Kenobi: They should have checked in from the Rishi station hours ago. It appears your captain follows orders as well as you do.
    Anakin Skywalker: Perhaps Cody is boring Rex with standard procedures and protocol.
    Obi-Wan Kenobi: We need to work on our own boring procedures and figure out a strategy to find Grievous.
    Anakin Skywalker: Right. Admiral, let me know if you hear from Rex.
    Captain Rex: Look sharp, rookies. As long as those tweezers occupy this post, our home planet of Kamino is at risk.
    Sentry: But there's so many of them.
    Captain Rex: Doesn't matter, kid. We have to retake this base, so we will retake this base.
    Commander Cody: How do you propose we get through those blast doors, Rex, old boy?
    Captain Rex: I have a few ideas.
    Comamndo Droid: What is that? Unit 2-6, is that you?
    Captain Rex: Roger, roger.
    Commando Droid: You sound strange. Is something wrong with your vocabulator?
    Captain Rex: Roger, roger.
    Commando Droid: Take off your helmet. Let me see your faceplate.
    Captain Rex: Roger, roger.
    Commander Cody: This is never gonna work.
    Commando Droid: Clones!
    Captain Rex: Roger, roger. Right. Let's move.
    Echo: Permission to take point, sir?
    Captain Rex: I'm always first, kid.
    Echo: Fives!
    Commander Cody: He's okay. Focus on the battle.
    Echo: I got one!
    Sentry: Sorry, Echo. I jumped that one.
    Echo: Like hell you did.
    Commander Cody: Get to the window. It looks like we have more visitors.
    Echo: It looks like a Separatist fleet.
    Commander Cody: That's why they commandeered the outpost. They're mounting a full-scale invasion.
    Captain Rex: We have to warn command.
    Battle Droid: The Republic base is still transmitting the all-clear signal, but for some reason, our commando droids are not responding.
    General Grievous: That base cannot be allowed to alert the Jedi that we're coming. Send down reinforcements to investigate.
    Hevy: Those clankers sabotaged our transmitter, and hard-wired the all-clear signal. It'll take time to repair.
    Captain Rex: We don't have time. Look.
    Fives: Well, buddy, you always said you wanted to be on the front lines.
    Hevy: We can't protect the outpost long against that army of clankers.
    Captain Rex: Then we'll destroy the outpost instead.
    Hevy: But, sir, our mission is to defend this facility at all costs.
    Captain Rex: We have to warn the Republic about the invasion. They'll take notice when the all-clear signal stops.
    Fives: That's right. When they stop receiving our beacon, they'll get the message something's wrong.
    Captain Rex: We'll need every thermal detonator in the inventory.
    Fives: It'll take more than a few detonators to destroy this outpost.
    Echo: We can use the LT. This moon freezes for over half the year. We use Liquid Tibanna as fuel to heat the base.
    Fives: Liquid Tibanna: highly explosive.
    Captain Rex: Good. Bring the tanks here and prime the detonators. All right, listen up. There's only one target of interest in this sector: Kamino. It's the closest thing we clones have to a home. Today we fight for more than the Republic. Today we fight for all our brothers back home. Understood?
    Clone Troopers: Sir, yes, sir!
    Hevy: I think we can even the odds a bit, Commander, especially since they don't know we're here. This one here is mine. Big gun doesn't make a big man.
    Battle Droid: Reinforcements reporting. Open up.
    Hevy: Didn't say please.
    Battle Droid: Clones! Get 'em!
    Hevy: We could use a Jedi about now.
    Wullf Yularen: Captain Rex, come in. Commander Cody, are you there? General, there's still no response.
    Obi-Wan Kenobi: How about the all-clear signal? Is the base still transmitting?
    Wullf Yularen: Yes, sir.
    Obi-Wan Kenobi: If something were wrong, Cody would contact us.
    General Grevious: What is the status of the base?
    Battle Droid: We've run into some difficulties. There seem to be a few clones left, sir.
    General Grevious: Then wipe them out. We can't let a few puny clones stop us.
    Commander Cody: Fall back to the op center. Move! Rex, time's wasting.
    Captain Rex: Almost ready. The handset isn't linked up with the detonator. Hevy.
    Hevy: Yes, sir.
    Captain Rex: This detonator isn't working.
    Hevy: I'll take care of it. It'll be fixed in no time. You guys get out of here.
    Captain Rex: Just make it fast. Those droids are getting close.
    Hevy: There. That should fix it. This isn't good. There's got to be another way.
    Battle Droid: The base is ours again, sir. The clones are fleeing.
    Battle Droid Commander: Cowards. Secure the area.
    Captain Rex: Hevy, hit the-- Where's Hevy?
    Hevy: I'm on it, sir.
    Captain Rex: Hevy, get out of there.
    Hevy: The remote isn't working. I have to detonate it manually.
    Battle Droid: Hold on there. Blast him!
    Captain Rex: Hevy.
    Commander Cody: We've got to get up there. Back to the maintenance pipe.
    Captain Rex: Let's move.
    Hevy: It's no use. I know what I have to do.
    Captain Rex: I don't like your tone, rookie. Soldier, come in. Are you there? Soldier, come in! Respond!
    Commander Cody: Hevy, come in. Come in, Hevy!
    Battle Droid: Do we take prisoners?
    Hevy: I don't.
    Echo: Hevy always did hate that place.
    Wullf Yularen: The all-clear signal has been disabled? The Rishi base has stopped transmitting.
    Anakin Skywalker: Grievous.
    Obi-Wan Kenobi: Sound the invasion alarm. Let's get the fleet under way.
    General Grievous: I didn't tell them to blow up the station.
    Battle Droid: But isn't it good that the base is destroyed?
    General Grievous: Idiot! The Republic fleet. We're outgunned. Get us out of here.
    Fives: We've got those tinnies on the run. Thanks to Hevy. Gunships.
    Obi-Wan Kenobi: On behalf of the Republic, we thank you for your valiant service, and we honor your comrade's sacrifice.
    Anakin Skywalker: Your new unit is lucky to have you. I'd be proud to fight beside you anytime, anywhere.
    Captain Rex: Congratulations. You're not shinies anymore.
    Echo: With all due respect, sir, we failed our mission. We don't deserve this honor.
    Commander Cody: No, if it weren't for you, the Republic wouldn't have learned of the Separatists' invasion until it was too late.
    Captain Rex: You showed me something today. You're exactly the kind of men I need in the 501st.
    Echo and Fives: Sir, yes, sir!
    [End of Rookies]

Narrator: Trust in your friends, and theyll have reason to trust in you. After suffering a series of disastrous defeats at the hands of General Grievous, the Republics foothold in the Outer Rim is in jeopardy. Commissioned to protect the strategic world of Bothawui, Anakin Skywalker and his weary battle group are all that stands between the system and domination by the Droid Army.


REPUBLIC CRUISER

Obi-Wan Kenobi (Hologram): Among our most recent losses was the battle group at Falleen. The Separatist fleet commanded by General Grievous is headed your way.

Anakin Skywalker: Seems like that coward always knows where and when to attack us.

Obi-Wan (Hologram): Youre heavily outnumbered, Anakin. I advise retreat.

Anakin: If we run, the Separatists will take control of this sector. I cant let them do that.

Obi-Wan (Hologram): And that is your problem.

Ahsoka Tano: Master Kenobi is right. We should regroup. We dont stand a chance against

Anakin: Ahsoka

Ahsoka: Suicide is not the Jedi way, Master.

Obi-Wan (Hologram): You should listen to your Padawan.

Anakin: As you listen to yours, my old master? No, were going to stay and fight. And I think I know how to beat Grievous at his own game.


SEPARATIST WARSHIP

Random Droid: Our spies were right, General. The Jedi have positioned a fleet beyond the planetary rings.

General Grievous: Move our ships through the asteroid field to engage them.

Random Droid: Through the field, sir?

Grievous: If we attack from above, they will have the advantage. So we will go through the rocks.

Random Droid: That didnt sound good.

Grievous: All power to the forward shields.

Random Droid: What if they attack us from behind?

Grievous: They cant. The asteroids will protect us.


GOLD SQUADRON

Anakin Skywalker: Gold Squadron, tighten formation. Slow approach. Lets draw them in.

Random Clone: Yes, sir.

R2-D2 expresses his fear.

Anakin: Dont worry R2. Grievous is falling right into our trap.

Random Clone: Resolute command to Gold Leader. We are standing by.

Ahsoka (Call from Ship): Enemy closing to Zone 6.

Anakin: Patience, Ahsoka

Ahsoka (Call): Zone 4. Zone 3.


SEPARATIST WARSHIP

Random Droid: General, we have a clear shot at their cruisers.

General Grievous: Good. Good!


REPUBLIC CRUISER

Random Clone: Theyre right on top of us! Should we commence firing?

Ahsoka Tano: Wait Wait


SEPARATIST WARSHIP

General Grievous: Concentrate fire on the closest Republic cruiser.

Random Droid: Roger, roger.

They fire at the Republic Cruiser. A space battle starts.


GOLD SQUADRON

Ahsoka Tano (Call from Ship): Were outgunned! Were not gonna last a Mynock minute out here!

Anakin Skywalker: Hang on, Ahsoka. Weve got them right where we want them. Watch your stabilizer, Gold 6!

Gold 6: Its no good. Incomings too heavy.

Gold 6 gets shot and crashes into another ship.

Anakin: Gold Squadron, take evasive action!

Random Clone: Sir, yes, sir! Breaking off!

R2-D2 asks if theyre retreating.

Anakin: No, R2, were not retreating. Good thing you gave us that extra power.


SEPARATIST WARSHIP

General Grievous: Lets finish them off!


REPUBLIC CRUISER

Anakin Skywalker (Call from Space): Ahsoka, theyre in position. Unveil our little surprise.

Ahsoka Tano: Right away, Master. Rex, old boy, its time you joined the party.

Captain Rex: With pleasure, sir.


SEPARATIST WARSHIP

Random Droid: General, weve been outflanked.


REPUBLIC CRUISER

Ahsoka Tano: All units, fire at will!

They proceed to fire at will.


SEPARATIST WARSHIP

General Grievous: Impossible!


REPUBLIC CRUISER

Ahsoka Tano: Forward cannon, let them have it!

Anakin Skywalker (Call from Space): This is too easy!


SEPARATIST WARSHIP

General Grievous: Get us out of here!

Random Droid: Uh, where are we supposed to go?

Grievous leaves.

Random Droid: Uh, General? Well, I guess Im in charge now.

Grievous leaves the Warship in his personal ship. The Warship is destroyed.


GOLD SQUADRON

Anakin Skywalker sees General Grievous escaping.

Anakin Skywalker: Grievous!


REPUBLIC CRUISER

Ahsoka Tano: Lets finish this. All batteries, target that command bucket!


GOLD SQUADRON

Grievous powers up his hyperdrive.

Anakin Skywalker: Hes powering up his hyperdrive, R2. Hang on! More speed, R2!

They hit the Separatist Warship, get damage.

Anakin: See what you can do about that, buddy.

Grievous escapes, Anakins cruisers damage intensifies.

Anakin: Uh-oh. I got a bad feeling about this.

Anakins ship catches fire, a part of it explodes. Anakin gets lost in the asteroid field.


REPUBLIC CRUISER MEDICAL STATION

Anakin Skywalker wakes up.

Anakin Skywalker: What happened?

Ahsoka Tano: You owe Rexter your skin, Skyguy.

Captain Rex: Just doing my job, sir. It was your plan that won the day.

Ahsoka: Grievous is AWOL, but his fleet of tinnies is nothing but spare parts.

Anakin: Good work, both of you. Wheres R2?

Ahsoka: Im sorry, Master, hes gone.

Anakin is stunned.


REPUBLIC CRUISER

Obi-Wan Kenobi (Hologram): Congratulations, Anakin. Your resourcefulness always amazes me.

Anakin Skywalker: Thank you, Master.

Obi-Wan (Hologram): You look troubled.

Anakin: I lost R2 in the field.

Obi-Wan (Hologram): Well, R2 units are a dime a dozen. Im sure youll find a suitable replacement.

Anakin: I could take a squad out there, track him down.

Obi-Wan (Hologram): Anakin, its only a droid. You know attachment is not acceptable for a Jedi.

Anakin: Its not just that, Master. How do I put this? I didnt wipe R2s memory.

Obi-Wan (Hologram): What? Hes still programmed with our tactic and base locations? If the Separatists get a hold of him What possessed you not to erase that droids memory?

Ahsoka Tano: Master Obi-Wan, sometimes R2 having that extra information has come in handy.

Obi-Wan (Hologram): Well, then find that droid, Anakin. Our necks might very well depend on it.

Anakin: Right away, Master.


REPUBLIC CRUISER LANDING BAY

Anakin Skywalker: You ready to go, Snips?

Ahsoka Tano: Master, they just delivered your replacement astromech droid. This is R3-S6. Ive heard that the new R3s are far faster in thinking skills and more powerful than the old R2 units. And best of all, Master, hes gold! A gold droid for Gold Leader of Gold Squadron?

Anakin: You cant replace R2.

R3-S6 is disappointed.

Ahsoka: Dont worry, Goldie. Youll get to know him later. Come on.


ANAKIN AND AHSOKA IN SPACE

They find Anakin Skywalkers ship.

Anakin Skywalker: Theres my ship!

R2-D2 is missing.

Anakin: He must have escaped. Hes gotta be around here somewhere.

Ahsoka Tano:  R2 isnt on the scanners, but there is a ship out there.

Anakin: Looks like a Trandoshan scavenger, probably combing the battlefield for salvage.

Anakin and Ahsoka approach the Trandoshan Scavengers ship.


GHA NACKTS SHIP

Ahsoka Tano: The historical texts say

Anakin Skywalker: Archive texts can only teach you a part of the picture, my young Padawan. Youll learn a lot more through some hands-on experience.

Ahsoka: Whats that smell? Ugh.

Anakin: Youll get used to it.

A little droid camera comes out the front door.

Anakin: Hey! Wed like to buy a droid. You selling?

Gah Nackt comes out of the front door.

Gha Nackt: Ugh!

Anakin: Were looking for an R2 unit. You happen to pick up any recently?

Gha Nackt: An R series? No, no, not for a long time.

Anakin: Pookums here really has her heart set on another R2. She lost the last one.

Ahsoka: Pookums? Oh, brother.

Gha Nackt sees R3-S6.

Gha Nackt: Nice R3 unit.  Trade for a C-14?

Ahsoka: Not on your life, lizardo.

Anakin: Now, lets see how much I have here.

Shows a lot of credits.

Gha Nackt: Tell you what, I may have an R2 unit buried somewhere in the hold.

Opens the door.

Gha Nackt: Help yourself, but be careful. There are many unique items down here.


THE HOLD

Ahsoka Tano: Master?

Shows IG units that are shut down.

Anakin Skywalker: These must be the unique items we were warned about. These assassin droids can be very unpredictable.

Ahsoka: Theyre switched off. They dont look so tough to me.

Anakin: Nothing looks tough to you. Take my word for it, theyre deadly. R3, access the computer and find the inventory manifest. R2s got to be around here somewhere.

A sound similar to R2-D2 is heard.

Anakin: Did you hear that?

Ahsoka: Hear what?

Anakin: That sounded like R2!

Ahsoka: How can you tell the difference?

Anakin: It came from down here. R3, get this open.

R3 messes up and switches the lights on.

Anakin: We dont need the lights on!

Ahsoka: No, Goldie, the hatch.

Anakin: Never mind. Ill do it myself.

R3 switches the IG units on. They attack Ahsoka.

Ahsoka: Master! Goldie, shut these droids down!

Anakin: Im afraid R3 is a little slow on the uptake.

A fight starts between them and the IG units.

Ahsoka: Back at you, piston head! You were right about the hands-on experience, gramps. Much better than the archives.

Anakin: Good job, but you missed one.

He destroys the last IG unit.

Anakin: As for you, stubby, youd make a poor excuse for a light switch.

Ahsoka: Im sure he did his best.

Anakin: His best to get us killed? R2 would have never made that mistake! R3 cant even get the door open.

R3 finally manages to open the door.

Anakin: A little late, stubby.

Gha Nackt appears. Anakin switches on his lightsaber.

Gha Nackt: If you didnt have a lightsaber, youd be a dead man.

Anakin: Wheres my droid?

Anakin menaces the Gha Nackt.

Ahsoka: Master! What are you doing? R2s not here.

Anakin: Lets get out of here.

Gha Nackt: I told you there were no R2 droids down here! Look at this mess you made! You owe me, Jedi! Youll be sorry you ever came aboard my ship, Jedi. Im about to make your life miserable.

Anakin and Ahsoka leave. Gha Nackt calls General Grievous.

General Grievous (Hologram): What is it?

Gha Nackt: Im en route to the rendezvous point, General. Ive got the merchandise you were looking for. It must be valuable. A Jedi came looking for it. Maybe it is worth more than we negotiated.

Grievous (Hologram): Dont push me, slime. You bring that R2 unit to me as fast as you can get here, or else!

Gha Nackt: Ah. Yes, of course, General. Just kidding.


REPUBLIC CRUISER

Obi-Wan Kenobi (Hologram): We have to assume that R2 was destroyed in the explosion that claimed your ship.

Anakin Skywalker: Yes, Master.

Obi-Wan (Hologram): Our intelligence has confirmed that Grievous spies have been intercepting our transmissions.

Ahsoka Tano: He must have some sort of secret listening post out there somewhere.

Anakin: That would explain how hes been able to ambush our fleets.

Obi-Wan (Hologram): Split up your squadrons, Anakin. Find that base and destroy it.

Anakin: Its as good as done, Master Kenobi.

Obi-Wan (Hologram): May the Force be with you both.

Obi-Wan leaves.

Anakin: Ill sweep the outer corridor, while the rest of your ships focus on the center.

Captain Rex: Are you sure you want to go alone?

Anakin: Im sure. More than one fighter will just draw too much attention.

Rex: Yes, sir.

Ahsoka: Master, youll need a droid to help you navigate.

Shows R3-S6.

Anakin: I think stubby is defective.

Ahsoka: Give him another chance, Master. This is the perfect time for you and him to, you know, bond.

Anakin hesitates.

Anakin: All right. Come on, stubby.

Ahsoka: May the Force be with you, Master.


GHA NACKT'S SHIPS

R2-D2 manages to break free and to throw an IG unit in space, before being discovered by Gha Nackt.

Gha Nackt: Removed your restraining bolt, have you? What were you up to?


ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACE
Anakin Skywalker: R3, have you verified those coordinates on the search grid.

R3-S6 expresses that he hasnt.

Anakin: Okay, lets see what we can find. Activate long-range scanners.

R3-S6 activates the tracking beacon

Anakin: No, not the tracking beacon! Shut it down, R3! Shut it down!


REPUBLIC CRUISER

Ahsoka Tano: Thats Master Skywalkers tracking beacon. Whats he doing? Rex, get a hold of as many men as you can.

Captain Rex: Right away, sir.


SEPARATIST WARSHIP

General Grievous: A-ha! Theres our Jedi tracking beacon. Skywalker, now you have fallen into my trap!


ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACE

Anakin Skywalker: Why do I have to do everything?

Shuts down tracking beacon.

Anakin: Lets hope Grievous didnt hear that.

Separatist Fleet comes out of hyperspace.

Anakin: Yeah, he heard it.

Separatist Fleet starts shooting at Anakin.

Anakin: Time to leave. Plot a course out of here and prep the hyperdrive engines.

R3-S6 drops the hyperdrive engines.

Anakin: What are you doing? I said, prep them, not drop them! Wheres R2 when I need him?


SEPARATIST WARSHIP

General Grievous: Launch everything we have!

Random Droid: Sir, its only one fighter. He cant escape.

Grievous: Everything!


ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACE

Missiles are launched onto Anakin Skywalker. R3-S6 expresses his fear.

Anakin: I know. I know! Missiles. I hate missiles. Were going on the offensive, R3. Get ready to cut the engines.

R3-S6 doesnt do so.

Anakin: Will you just do what I tell you? 

Anakin cuts the engines and faces the Separatist Fighters, starts firing at them.

Anakin: Hit the stabilisers, R3.


SEPARATIST WARSHIP

Random Droid:  Hey, that was clever.

General Grievous: Silence! Move the cruisers into attack position.


ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACE

Anakin Skywalker: Alright, R3. Lets get turned around before those fighters can catch up to us.

R3-S6 expresses his fear.

Anakin: You know, if this ship blows up, you go with it!

R3-S6 explains that the laser guns wont fire.

Anakin: What do you mean, the laser guns wont fire!

Ahsoka Tano finally arrives with Captain Rex.

Ahsoka Tano (Call from Space): Cargo bay doors open. You better get inside.

Anakin: Id love to, but R3s having a problem with the engines.


SEPARATIST WARSHIP

General Grievous: Destroy those ships! Dont let them get away!


AHSOKA TANO IN SPACE

Ahsoka Tano: Lets give him some cover, boys.

Captain Rex: Yes, sir.

Anakin Skywalker avoids the shots and gets closer to Ahsokas ship.

Anakin Skywalker (Call from Space): Steady. Almost there.

Anakin gets inside.

Anakin (Call): Im inside. Now lets get out of here, Ahsoka.

Ahsoka: Power it up, Rex. Were going right between those tin cans.

They advance between the Separatist Fleet.

Ahsoka: Hit it, Rex.

They leave the battle.


SEPARATIST WARSHIP

Random Droid: Uh, they got away, sir.

General Grievous destroys the droid.


AHSOKA TANO AND ANAKIN SKYWALKER IN SPACE

Ahsoka Tano: Hey, Goldie. What did you think of your first adventure?

Anakin Skywalker: Ill tell you what I think. I think Im lucky to be alive!

R3-S6 gets sad and leaves.

Ahsoka: Great! Now you hurt his feelings.

Anakin: His feelings! What about R2? Hes still out there. I know it.

They return to the Republic Cruisers. 

Moral: The first step towards loyalty is trust

Narrator: War in the Expansion Region. As the Separatists tighten their grip over vital but isolated supply routes, the Republic launches a lightning strike into a remote Ghost Nebula to control the strategic system of Umbara. Republic forces smash through the Separatist blockage in an effort to claim the shadowy world.

Obi-Wan: Masters Krell and Tiin till be supporting my troops in the south while Anakin's battalion comes in from the north and takes out enemy reinforcements. It is imperative that we conquer the capital city as quickly as possible and hold it.

Anakin: Our biggest problem is gonna be the local militia. The Umbarans have aligned themselves with the Separatists and are heavily armed. ARC Trooper Fives will be assisting my units on special assignment.

Fives: Ready to do my part, General Skywalker.

Rex: Nice to have you on board.

Fives: Just like old times, Rex.

Obi-Wan: Remember Anakin, Cody and I will be 12 klicks to your south. We're counting on you to take out those local fighters, or, I'm afraid the capital will never surrender.

Anakin: Does my battalion have to do everything?

Obi-Wan: You seem to always volunteer.

Rex: All right, let's go!

Rex: There's a lot of surface fire.

Clone Trooper: They ain't got nothing we can't handle, Sir.

Rex: You hangin' in there, Tup?

Tup: So far, so good, Captain.

Pilot: General Skywalker, I'm turning the lights out. Our night vision sensors are having a tough time in this chop. I hope we don't overshoot the landing site.

Anakin: Just get us as close as you can.

Clone Trooper: Time to lock and load.

Clone Trooper: After 'em, boys!

Clone Troopers: All right! Let's go. All right! Wipe 'em out! Get them! Ah! Too many of 'em! Whoa! Out of the way! Take it down! Take it down! Take it down!

Clone Trooper: Go, go, go! Give it to 'em! Go, go, go, go, go, go! Take 'em out! Take 'em all--ah!

Clone Trooper: That's the stuff. That's the stuff--Ah!

Clone Trooper: Incoming!

Clone Trooper: Ah!

Clone Trooper: Ugh!

Clone Trooper: That's it! Ah!

Clone Trooper: Give it to 'em! Let's go! Let's--ah!

Clone Trooper: Go, go, go, go, go! Right on! Ah!

Rex: This map has a ridge at 23 degrees North, Northwest.

Anakin: Good. We can use it as a staging area.

Clone Trooper: That's it! Take 'em round right!

Rex: Keep movin'. We've got to claim that ridge. The other battalions are counting on us!

Anakin: Don't stray too far. The enemy could have the whole place rigged with traps.

Tup: I can't even see the enemy!

Clone Trooper: Go, go, go, go! Ah!

Clone Trooper: That's why they're called the Shadow People, Tup.

Rex: Everyone, take cover!

Clone Trooper: It's just a vine. Keep moving, Hardcase.

Hardcase: Yeah, I got it all under control.

Hardcase: Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!

Clone Trooper: Ah!

Hardcase: Ugh! Ugh!

Clone Trooper: Oh, ah! Ah!

Hardcase: That's not right!

Hardcase: Nice work, Fives.

Fives: Hardcase, right?

Hardcase: Yeah. That's what they call me.

Rex: General Kenobi's battalion, sir?

Anakin: They're pushing towards the capital. We'll need to move out as soon as the men are ready.

Dogma: All platoons have reported in, General.

Anakin: Get some rest.

Dogma: Thank you, sir. I'm fine.

Rex: The general's giving you an order, Dogma.

Dogma: Of course, Sir.

Rex: He's wound tight, but he's loyal.

Anakin: He kind of reminds me of you.

Rex: Maybe... back in the day.

Clone Trooper: Ah!

Clone Trooper: What is that? Look out!

Clone Trooper: Ambush! They're behind us! Ah!

Fives: The enemy's circled behind us. Everybody we must defend our backs!

Rex: I've called in an air strike on the enemy positions.

Anakin: Let's hope they're not too busy helping Obi-Wan.

Rex: There's an opening to our South. I recommend we move all platoons off the ridge in case the air strike overshoots.

Anakin: Good thinking, Rex. Everyone, move out now!

Rex: All here, Sir.

Anakin: Stay covered. We have to hold the position.

Clone Trooper: Are you sure those bombers are coming?

Clone Trooper: Good old Odd Ball, always on target.

Anakin: Glad we got off that ridge.

Rex: Yeah.

Hardcase: Ha! That'll teach 'em.

Dogma: General Krell's here?

Fives: Something big must be going on.

Anakin: Master Krell, my thanks for the air support.

Krell: Indeed, General Skywalker. The locals have proven to be more resourceful than we anticipated.

Anakin: But that's not the reason for your visit.

Krell: No. The council has ordered you back to Coruscant, effective immediately.

Anakin: What? Wh-why?

Krell: I'm afraid a request was made by the Supreme Chancellor, and the Council obliged. That is all they would tell me.

Anakin: Well, I can't just leave my men.

Krell: I'll be taking over in the interim.

Rex: Don't worry about a thing, SIr. We'll have this city under Republic control by the time you're back.

Anakin: Master Krell, this is Rex, my first in command. You won't find a finer or more loyal trooper anywhere.

Krell: Good to hear that. I wish you well, Skywalker.

Rex: Your reputation precedes you, General. It is an honor to be serving you.

Krell: I find it very interesting, Captain, that you are able to recognize the value of honor, for a clone. Stand at attention when I address you. Your flattery is duly noted, but it will not be rewarded. There's a reason my command is so effective. And it's because I do things by the book. And that includes protocol. Have all platoons ready to move out immediately. That is all.

Rex: Eh...

Krell: Quicken that pace, battalion! This isn't some training course on Kamino.

Fives: The new general has a way with words.

Rex: He's just trying to keep us on schedule.

Fives: By raising everyone's ire?

Rex: Either way, he's in charge and we've got a job to do. Just treat him with respect and we'll all get along fine.

Fives: Do you see that?

Rex: Yeah. Ready your weapons.

Clone Troopers: Ugh! Ah!

Krell: Anyone else want to stop and play with the animals? Didn't think so. Now keep moving!

Clone Trooper: Sir, we've been keeping this pace for 12 hours now. The men are getting worn down. We should rest.

Rex: General Krell, the top of this ridge will make a good place for the men to make camp.

Krell: The men don't need rest. They need the resolve to complete the task at hand.

Rex: But sir--

Krell: CT-7567, are you reading me?

Rex: Excuse me, Sir?

Krell: I asked you a question, CT-7567. Do you understand the need to adhere to my strategy.

Rex: Sir, the terrain is extremely hostile. Despite the difficulty of the conditions, the battalion is making good time. These men just need a little break.

Krell: Captain, do I need to remind you of this battalion's strategic mission in conquering this planet? Look back. See those platoons? Their mission is to take this city and take it swiftly. Time and rest are luxuries the Republic cannot afford. We are the key to this invasion. The other battalions are counting on our support. If we fail, everyone fails. Do you understand this? Do all of you understand this? Now, move on!

Rex: Sir, we're ready to bring our forward platoons in for a surgical strike on the city's defenses.

Krell: There won't be any need, Captain.

Rex: Sir?

Krell: All platoons will execute a forward assault along the main route to the city.

Rex: But. Sir, General Skywalker's plan was to surprise them with multiple attacks. If we come in from the main route, they're likely to engage us in a full-frontal assault.

Krell: Change of plans, Captain. I'm in command now.

Rex: With all due respect, General, we don't know what we're up against. It might be wiser to think first.

Krell: Are you questioning my order? This battalion will take the main road straight to the capital. You will not stop and you will not turn back, regardless of the resistance you meet. We will attack them with all our troops, not some sneak attack with a few men. That is my order, and you will follow it explicitly. Do I make myself clear, CT-7567?

Rex: Yes, General.

Krell: Now, engage.

Clone Trooper: So, why aren't we sticking to the original plan and probing the city defenses first?

Hardcase: We can do this. Let's take 'em!

Clone Trooper: Yeah, leave it to Hardcase to dive in head-first.

Fives: The general's new plan is reckless.

Dogma: You ever think that maybe the general knows what he is doing?

Fives: I know you think this is a bad idea.

Rex: I raised my objection to General Krell's plan, but he didn't agree. So this is it.

Fives: Well what if he's wrong? Then what?

Rex: This isn't the time for a debate. Right now we have to stay alert.

Clone Trooper: Eh, it's too quiet out there.

Clone Trooper: Ah! Ah!

Rex: Mines! Nobody move!

Clone Trooper: Oz is down.

Clone Trooper: So is Ringo.

Rex: Can you sweep 'em?

Fives: There are more over here. Looks like the whole road's been booby trapped. Everyone watch your step.

Clone Trooper: We're completely exposed!

Rex: Hold your ground!

Hardcase: You want a piece of this?

Clone Trooper: I think Hardcase made 'em mad.

Clone Trooper: We're blown!

Rex: The Umbarans are advancing!

Hardcase: Make 'em eat heat!

Umbaran: Ah!

Clone Troopers: Ah! Yah! Yah! Ah!

Dogma: They're coming from all directions.

Rex: We don't have any cover! We need to pull back. Get them to follow us. If we can draw them out, we can see them. If we can see them, we can hit them. All squads, pull back now!

Clone Trooper: This can't be good.

Krell: Feeble-minded clones. Get in there and save their necks.

Rex: Get ready! Here they come!

Rex: Stand fast. Hit 'em with everything you've got.

Hardcase: Ha, ha, ha! Where you goin'? Get back here!

Rex: They're falling back!

Krell: CT-7567, do you have a malfunction in your design? You pulled your forces back from taking the capital city. The enemy now has control of this route. This entire operation has been compromised because of your failure!

Fives: General Krell, in case you haven't noticed, Captain Rex just saved this platoon. Surely you won't fail to recognize that.

Krell: ARC-5555, stand down.

Fives: Sir, yes, Sir.

Rex: Sir, if I may address your accusation; I followed your orders, even in the face of a plan that was in my opinion severely flawed, a plan that cost us men, not clones! Men! As sure as it is my duty to remain loyal to your command, I also have another duty, to protect those men.

Krell: You have a spark of tenacity, Captain. I'll give you that. I know that I don't command like the Jedi you're used to serving. Certainly not like General Skywalker. But I have my way. It may be difficult, but these are difficult times. And it's proven effective. I suppose your loyalty to your men is to be commended. They seem to admire this. That's important to an effective commander. All right, Captain Rex, your opinion has been noted. Dismissed.

Fives: I think he almost complimented you.

Rex: Uh, it's hard to tell.

Clone Trooper: Incoming!

Rex: The Umbarans must've regrouped for a counterattack. Everyone, we must hold this position!

Fives: You think General Krell still intends on taking the capital using this strategy?

Rex: I don't know. I'll get back to you on that if we survive this battle. 

- Narrator: The battle for Anaxes! One of the Republic's largest shipyards is under attack from Admiral Trench's Separatist forces. Jedi Generals Mace Windu and Anakin Skywalker lead a two-pronged assault on the ground and in the air. But after weeks of heated battle and mounting losses, the Republic's grip on Anaxes begins to slip away...

- Mace Windu: The droids have overrun our main production facility. It won't be long before the Separatists take Anaxes, compromising our entire reserve fleet. [As him and Anakin overlook a holo-projector of the shipyard on Anaxes]

- Cody: Pardon the interruption General, but Rex here has a good theory on why we keep losing.

- Mace Windu: Please, Captain.

- Rex: Well the Droid Army uses analytics to predict our strategy. The first time we use a tactic it's very effective, the next, less so. In fact, the more we use a certain tactic, the less effective it becomes. They learn our tendencies, and use that data against us. To counter them, we're constantly out working ways to vary our attack.

- Mace Windu: But the losses we're experiencing on Anaxes are not commonplace.

- Rex: Exactly! The counter attacks are so specific, it's my strategy the droids know, my playbook.

- Cody: My concern is that Rex is one of our best. If the droids can learn to defeat him, we may all be vulnerable.

- Mace Windu: What do you propose?

- Cody: That Rex and me take a small squad behind enemy lines. There's a Separatist Cybercenter which relays all battlefield intel to their command ship. If we're going to find anything, it'll be there.

- Mace Windu: If you think it'll help turn this fight around, get going.

- Anakin Skywalker: Rex, is there anything else?

- Rex: No General.


[Cody and Rex make their way out of the conference room, where we cut to Rex present in the barracks, alone]

- Cody: C'mon Rex, time to move out.

- Rex: Fives, Echo, and before that, Hevy. So many troopers, gone. [As he mournfully looks at a picture of him, Cody, Fives, and Echo]

- Cody: Yeah, regular folk don't understand: Sometimes in war, it's hard to be the one that survives.

- Rex: That's what I'm worried about.

- Cody: What do you mean?

- Rex: I didn't tell the generals, they might think I'm crazy, in fact, you might think I'm crazy.

- Cody: What is it?

- Rex: I think Echo's alive.

- Cody: That's not possible. He died at the Citadel.

- Rex: The way the droids are countering us here, the strategies I'm using, they're all old battle plans Echo and I drew up together.

- Cody: Look, Rex, I here what you're saying, but it's just not possible.

- Rex: I hope you're right. But the fact is, Echo's fingerprints are all over these Separatist strategies.

- Cody: Rex, you have to admit what you're saying is a longshot at best, and most likely, misplaced hope. I need you to be focused on this.

- Rex: I-I know, I know. Don't worry. So, what squad are we taking in?

- Cody: Clone Force 99. [As he walks out of the barracks]

- Jesse (to Kix): I heard mixed feelings about these guys. [As he and Kix are waiting outside the barracks]

- Kix: They have a 100% success rate. - Jesse: It's not that they win, it's how they win that worries me.

- Air Traffic Control Personnel (Loudspeaker): Repeat, coming in hot on platform TT-397.

- ATC Personnel (Loudspeaker): Clear the airfield! I said clear the airfield! [As an unknown shuttle flies into the airfield recklessly]

- Rex (to Cody): So why haven't I heard of this squad? [Making his way to the parked shuttle along with Cody, Jesse, and Kix]

- Cody: Experimental unit: Clone Force 99. The defective clones with uh, desirable mutations.

- Rex: 99 hey? Nice touch. - Cody: They call themselves: "The Bad Batch."

[The main door opens, as the Bad Batch step out of their ship]

- Wrecker: The cavalry has arrived!

- Kix (to Jesse): These guys are clones? They don't look like clones to me.

- Cody: Sergeant, good to see you again.

- Hunter: You too, sir.

- Cody (to Rex, Jesse, and Kix): This is Hunter.

- Hunter: Sorry we're late Commander. We were putting down an insurrection on Yalbec Prime when your comm came in. Had a few unforeseen, complications.

- Wrecker (to Jesse): (Laughs) Ever fought a male Yalbec?

- Jesse: Um, no. Can't say I have.

- Wrecker: You're lucky. They only way to kill them is with one of these: [Holds up a vibroblade]

- Hunter: That's right. Wrecker here cut off the Queen's stinger while she was still alive. That's why all those Yalbec males tried to eat us.

- Tech: Uh, technically, they were trying to mate with us. And for your information: The stinger of a Yalbec Queen is a delicacy on some planets.

- Cody: They call him "Tech."

- Hunter: Yeah, he can fill your head with useless info for hours. Crosshair on the other hand is not much of a conversationalist [pointing at Crosshair], but when you have to hit a precise target from 10 clicks, Crosshair's your man. So Commander, what kind of suicide mission do you have for us this time?

- Cody: Let's get goin', we'll brief you on the way. [The team proceeds to get on an LAAT gunship]

- Jesse (to Crosshair): What are you looking at? [Both staring at each other sternly]

- Crosshair: We don't usually work with "regs." [Flicking his toothpick at Jesse]

- Jesse: "Regs?" [Proceeding to confront Crosshair]

- Hunter: He's talking about "regular clones." But don't take it personal.

- Cody: We're all on the same team, so cut the attitude and listen up. Here's the mission: Our target is this Cybercenter [Holding up a hologram of the Cybercenter]. It's the brains of the entire Separatist campaign here on Anaxes.

- Wrecker: I can demolish that with one hand! Yeah!

- Cody: This isn't a demo job Wrecker. It's strictly a retrieval operation.

- B1 Battle Droid (to Sector 1): Sector 1 alert: Enemy gunship approaching your location. Come in Sector 1. [Spotting the LAAT gunship en route to the Cybercenter]

- B1 Battle Droid (at Sector 1): Roger Roger. Fire! [Upon seeing the gunship in range]

- Clone Pilot: Incoming fire! [As the spider droids start shooting at their ship]

- Wrecker: We're going down! (Laughs) [As the damaged gunship plummets towards the surface]

- Wrecker: We always get shot down when we travel with regs! [As the he and the squad pull themselves out of the crashed ship]

- Kix: Cody! Help! He's trapped! [Seeing Cody trapped inside the ship]

- Rex: We have to do something! I'll get him.

- Hunter: Whoa-whoa-whoa-whoa, easy Captain. Wrecker, get 'im out.

- Wrecker: Get back. [Proceeding to lift up the ship]

- Kix: This is ridiculous! He's gonna need help to get Cody out of there!

- Crosshair: (Chuckles) He's going to get the gunship out of there, not Cody.

- Wrecker: Boom. [Picking up Cody, before the gunship explodes]

- Kix: He has internal damage. I can cut the pain. But he needs help fast.

- Crosshair: We all need help [Noticing the marching droids on the horizon]. That blast gave away our position.

- Hunter: Huh, I thought getting shot down gave away our position.

- Rex: Everyone, find cover! We'll hold this position, and let them come to us!

- Hunter: I don't think so, Captain. That's not our style. We prefer going to them. Bad Batch, Plan 82: Shockwave.

- Hunter: Let's get to work. [As the Bad Batch proceed to charge at the droids]

- B1 Battle Droid Commander: Blast them! [Opening fire on the clones]

- Tech: 45, mark 151. [Calculating the trajectory of the droid poppers]

- Hunter: 45, mark 151. [Throwing a droid popper, detonating in mid-air as Crosshair shoots it, disabling several droids]

- Tech: 75, mark 357.

- Hunter: 75, mark 357. [Throwing a droid popper at the platoon of droids]

- B1 Battle Droid: What the--! [Catching the droid popper before being blasted along with most of the platoon by Crosshair]

- Hunter: Spider droids! Fan out! [Noticing the spider droids at the rear of the platoon]

- Wrecker: Anymore? Come on! [After he and the squad defeat the remaining droids]

- Rex (to Hunter): That was some show you put on just now.

- Hunter: Just doing our job, Captain.

- Wrecker (to Crosshair): Hey look Crosshair, this little clanker likes you! (Laughs)

- Crosshair: (Scoffs) Grow up Wrecker.

- Rex: We should move out before reinforcements arrive. Our position has been compromised.


[Some time has passed, when a Separatist Landing Ship arrives at the crash scene, with Commando Droids investigating the area]

- Commando Droid (to Admiral Trench): We wanted to speak to you directly, sir. This infiltration is irregular.

- Admiral Trench (hologram): Were there Jedi with this squad?

- Commando Droid: Just clones. But using tactics like we've never seen before.

- Admiral Trench (hologram): Interesting. They're on foot now, in the middle of nowhere. Sweep the area, locate these clones, and notify me if the incursion escalates. [The Commando Droids proceed to sweep the area, as the Tactical Droid holding the holoprojector returns to the ship]


[-Later that night-]

- Jesse (to Kix): So, I get what makes the other batches unique, but what's so special about Hunter?

- Kix: He can put up with the other three.

- Tech: He was engineered with heightened senses. A place like the Cybercenter, Hunter can feel the electromagnetic frequencies from anywhere on the planet. - Jesse: And here I thought we were smart just using our holomap.

- Tech: Well, maps can be wrong. Hunter never is.

- Rex (to Cody): Hang in there Cody. [Reassuring Cody as he groans in pain]

- Rex (to everyone else): Listen up, we have to move out.

- Crosshair: Commander Cody is in no position to move.

- Rex: Already called in evac. Kix will stay with Cody until it arrives, I'm in charge now. And I've got a plan to get into that Cybercenter.

- Crosshair: If you plan's are so good, why did Commander Cody have to call us in?

- Jesse (to Crosshair): You can't talk to Captain Rex like that!

- Wrecker: Says who!? [Grabbing Jesse by the throat, and lifting him in the air]

- Jesse: Whoa! [Struggling to free himself from Wrecker's grasp]

- Rex: Put him down!

- Crosshair (to Kix): Stay out of it.

- Kix: Hey, watch it! [Confronting Crosshair]

- Tech: Uh, guys, come on!

- Hunter: Wrecker! Drop him, now.

- Wrecker: Aww! [Before dropping Jesse]

- Hunter: Fellas, come on! We're all fighting for the same thing, right? (Sighs) Alright then, let's cut the chatter, and finish what we started. We'll do it your way Captain. For Commander Cody.

- Rex: Okay. Let's gear up and move out.


[-The squad make their way to the Cybercenter-]

- Hunter (to Rex): Not our primary target. It's an outpost, should we take it? [Noticing a Separatist outpost]

- Rex: Probably easier than going around.

- Hunter: Alright, what are your orders? We pick 'em off from the tree line one-by-one?

- Rex: Actually, I was thinking we take a page from your book: Rush them head on.

- Hunter: Hah, I like your style.

- B1 Battle Droid: What the-- Clones! Get them! [Noticing the squad of clones opening fire on them]

- B1 Battle Droid (In the outpost): Hey, you're not on the right-- [Before being shot by the clones as they clear the outpost of droids]

- Wrecker: Is it over already? Aw man! [Noticing the destroyed Battle Droids as he enters the outpost]

- Hunter (to Rex): Not bad, for a reg.

- Rex: Alright, there it is: the Cybercenter.

- Tech: It looks like the Cybercenter itself has minimal guards, about 30 droids. Oh, Wait, wait, I've got a massive signal coming in. A whole platoon of droids is heading this way. [While he's operating on the outpost's computers]

- Hunter: Someone's noticed our handiwork back at the crash site.

- Rex: Yeah. Make sure you keep an eye on those incoming Separatist forces. I wanna know when they reach this outpost.

- Tech: You got it Cap.

- Rex: We've gotta move swiftly.

- Hunter: We'll grab some speeder bikes, and flank them from the back.


[-At the Cybercenter-]

- B1 Battle Droid #1 (to another Battle Droid): Do you know what's going on?

- B1 Battle Droid #2: Maybe it's another-- Hey!-- [Before being stealth killed by Rex and Jesse]

- Rex (to the Bad Batch): Is everyone in position? [Speaking into his comm link]

- Hunter: Affirmative.

- Crosshair: Affirmative.

- Tech (to Rex): Cap, you want to know when those Separatist forces breach the outpost? They're getting their just about now. [Looking at his tracking device]


[-Inside the outpost-]

- Tactical Droid (to Admiral Trench): Sir, we tracked the clone strike team here. They seem to have captured this location and deserted it. I cannot calculate the logic of this assault. [As it and a few Commando Droids investigate the attack on the outpost]

- Admiral Trench (hologram): There is no tactical advantage to taking the outpost. Their target will be the nearby Cybercenter. They must know about the algorithm. Get me in contact with the Cybercenter, at once!

- Admiral Trench ([hologram] to B1 Battle Droid Commander): Put all droids on "alert," an attack is coming!

- B1 Battle Droid Commander: An attack is coming? When? [Before its head is shot off seconds later, as the clones invade the Cybercenter]

- B1 Battle Droid (to other Battle Droids): All units to the front door! [As the clones draw closer to the Cybercenter]

- Tech: Hmm, this is a delicate operation [While hacking the Cybercenter's main door]

- Wrecker: Boom! Hah, you take to long! [As he busts the door open before Tech can unlock it]

- Tech: We're in. [After gaining access to the Cybercenter's main computer room]

- Hunter: Tech, get to work on these computers. We'll go get the regs. [Before he and Wrecker head out to get Rex and Jesse]

- B1 Battle Droid #1: What the--! [Before being killed by Hunter]

- B1 Battle Droid #2 (to Hunter): Hey, where did you come from--?! [Before being knifed by Hunter's vibroblade]

- Rex (to Wrecker): What took you so long Wrecker?

- Wrecker: Hey, this is a "delicate operation."

- Wrecker: Better get in there Cap. [Noticing an MTT coming towards the Cybercenter]


[-Rex makes his way to the computer room-]

- Tech (to Rex): Okay, I'm in. What am I looking for?

- Rex: Here's the algorithm. You're looking for a program using this sequence. [Handing Tech an encryption of the algorithm]

- Tech: Found it! This is strange [As he decrypts the algorithm]. It's not a program, it's a live signal from another planet - Skako Minor.

- Rex: A live signal?


[-Outside of Cybercenter-]

- Hunter (to Crosshair): Crosshair, we're gonna need a lift! [Speaking into his comm link, as he, Wrecker, and Jesse are fending off the incoming Super Battle Droids]

- Crosshair (to Hunter): Not gonna be a problem. [Spotting a Separatist craft in the distance through his scope]


[-Meanwhile at the computer room-]

- Tech: This is audible. [After decrypting the live signal]

- Rex: Patch me in. I wanna hear it. - Tech: What is that? [Upon hearing a garbled voice from the signal]

- Tech: It sounds almost, almost human.

- Rex: It can't be...


[-Meanwhile outside the Cybercenter-]

- B1 Battle Droid: Uh oh-- [Noticing a Battle Droid being shot, before being killed by Crosshair]

- Wrecker (to Hunter and Jesse): We gotta go, now! [Urging the them to fall back inside the Cybercenter]


[-Back in the computer room-]

- Rex: Tech, find out who is sending that signal. Ask who that is.

- *Transmission*: CT-1409. CT-1409.

- Rex: I-I don't believe it! [Perplexed by the voice coming from transmission]

- *Transmission*: CT-1409. CT-1409.

- Hunter (to Rex): We're going. Rex, let's go. Rex, now! [Urging Rex to join them as they're making their way out of the Cybercenter]

- *Transmission*: CT-1409. CT-1409.


[-Back at the outpost, some time later-]

- Tactical Droid (to Admiral Trench): Sir, we have chased the clones out of the center sir. They are retreating back toward Republic lines.

- Admiral Trench (hologram): Did they download anything from the central computer?

- Tactical Droid: There seems to be no intel missing, but there appears to have been a connection made with Skako Minor.

- Admiral Trench (hologram): What??

- Tech (to Rex): That number, Cap? What did it mean? [As the squad make their way back to their shuttle]

- Rex: CT-1409, that was Echo's number. He's alive. 

[ The Mandalorian is seen walking toward a building, holding a beeping tracking fob. ]

[ Inside a cantina, two trawlers hold a Mythrol. ]

Alpha Trawler: (subtitle) Look at his glands! // (subtitle) I bet we could sell them at the port!

Mythrol: Please! Please! I have credits! Take them!

Alpha Trawler: (subtitle) He's young. The must will be sweet. // (subtitle) And now for the real prize...

[ The Mandalorian enters. ]

Alpha Trawler: (not subtitled) // (subtitle) You spilled my drink... // (subtitle) Hey, Mando! // (subtitle) I said, you spilled, my drink...

Bartender: He says you spilled his drink. // That's fine! It's on me.

Alpha Trawler: (subtitle) Is that real Beskar Steel?

Bartender: Here.

[ Fighting. ]

Mythrol: Thank you. Thank you very much. You got my heartfelt gratitude. // You know what... here, you take my credits. Buy yourself a drink.

[ The Mandalorian places a hologram puck on the table. ]

Mythrol: Uh... Is that a bounty puck? // Is that me? // Look... uh... there must be some mistake. I can get you more credits.

Din Djarin: I can bring you in warm... // or I can bring you in cold.

Title Screen

[ The Mandalorian and the handcuffed Mythrol are walking away from the cantina to a speeder stop. ]

Din Djarin: I need passage to the yards.

[ The ferryman calls a speeder which arrives with an R2 unit as pilot. ]

Din Djarin: No droids.

Ferryman: (subtitle) I assure you, this speeder is brand new. It's the latest model...

[ The Mandalorian tosses the ferryman a coin. ]

Ferryman: (subtitle) At your pleasure.

[ The ferryman calls another speeder, which arrives, in rough shape but with a human pilot. ]

Speeder Pilot: Where to?

[ The speeder flies across the icy plains. ]

Mythrol: You know what he's looking for... // You're looking for Ravinaks, right?

Speeder Pilot: It's clear right now. But be careful near the port. Everyone dumps their gray holds out. They think the whole entire planet is their own personal stink pit.

[ The speeder arrives at the Razor Crest. ]

Speeder Pilot: Here you are.

Mythrol: You're kidding me, right?

Din Djarin: Get out.

[ They get out of the speeder. ]

Mythrol: I'll hire us a Livery Cruiser. No big deal. It won't come out of your end. I'll pay for it. // I'm just trying to make it pleasant.

Speeder Pilot: Hey, it's time to go, so let's settle up.

[ The Mandalorian pays the pilot. ]

Speeder Pilot: I'd stay off the ice if I were you.

[ The speeder takes off. The Mandalorian and the Mythrol get ready to board the Razor Crest. ]

Mythrol: You think there's really something to worry about?

[ He watches the speeder  get eaten by a beast out on the ice. ]

Mythrol: Oh! Oh! Open the hatch! Open the hatch!

[ The Ravinak breaks through the ice toward the Razor Crest. The Mandalorian grabs the Mythrol and drags him into the ship. They get into the cockpit while the Ravinak grabs the Razor Crest's leg. ]

Mythrol: Dank farrik, that was close! Oh, my God. // Oh, my God. // "Stay off the ice." That's the understatement of the millennium.

[ They attempt to take off but the Ravinak holds on to the Razor Crest's leg. ]

Mythrol: It's taking us down. What're you doing? // It's got us! It's gonna take us under!

[ The Mandalorian leaves the cockpit. ]

Mythrol: Where you going? You gotta do something! We gotta get out of here!

[ The Mandalorian electrocutes the Ravinak and it lets go. ]

Mythrol: Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Let's go. Yes. All right. Whew.

[ The Razor Crest takes off and leaves the planet. ]

[ Cut to the cockpit. ]

Mythrol: I like your ship. She's a classic. // Razor Crest, am I right? Pre-Empire? // I have a lot of credits, by the way. That's why I offered to hail a Cruiser.

[ No response. ]

Mythrol: How much are they paying you?

[ No response. ]

Mythrol: Is it true that you guys never take off your helmets?

[ No response. ]

Mythrol: Oh... Boy.

[ No response. ]

Mythrol: I think I have to use the vacc tube. // I mean I can do it here, but if you've never seen a Fledgling Mythrol evacuate their thorax, you're a lucky guy, trust me.

[ No response. The Mythrol gets up. ]

Mythrol: Clearly, there's nowhere for me to go. So, uh... I'm gonna look for that vacc tube if it's all the same to you?

[ No response. ]

Mythrol: Great.

[ The Mythrol leaves the cockpit and gets down into the belly of the ship. ]

Mythrol: Found it! Thanks. // It might take a while. I'm molting.

[ The Mythrol looks around, opens the weapons hold, and quickly closes it again. ]

Mythrol: Oh, this feels a lot better. // I haven't evacuated since the solstice. // Yeah. // I was hoping to be free for...uh... Life Day. // Maybe even, uh...

[ The Mythrol discovers the bounty hold with several carbon-frozen bounties. ]

Mythrol: Get home to the... family. // But I guess that's not gonna happen this year.

[ The Mandalorian suddenly appears behind the Mythrol. ]

Din Djarin: Probably not.

[ The Mandalorian grabs the Mythrol and shoves him in the on-board carbon-freezing chamber, then adds him to the line of carbon-frozen bounties. ]

[ Cut to the arrival on Nevarro. The Mandalorian walks into a cantina to meet Greef Karga of the Bounty Hunter Guild. ]

Greef Karga: Ah, that was fast. Did you catch them all?

[ The Mandalorian places the tracking fobs on the table. ]

Greef Karga: Good. I'll begin the off-load. // (not subtitled)

[ The Mandalorian sits. Greef Karga places credits on the table. ]

Din Djarin: These are Imperial Credits.

Greef Karga: They still spend.

Din Djarin: I don't know if you heard, but the Empire is gone.

Greef Karga: It's all I've got.

[ The Mandalorian grabs the tracking fobs back. Greef Karga stops him. ]

Greef Karga: Save the theatrics. Fine, I'll...

[ He places different credits on the table. ]

Greef Karga: I can do Calamari Flan But I can only pay half.

Din Djarin: Fine.

[ The Mandalorian places the tracker fobs back on the table and grabs the credits. ]

[ Cut to the crabon-frozen bounties being unloaded from the Razor Crest. ]

[ Cut back to the cantina. ]

Greef Karga: Hmm. I have a bail jumper, a bail jumper, another bail jumper, a wanted smuggler.

Din Djarin: I'll take them all.

Greef Karga: Nah, hold on. // There are other members of the Guild, and this is all I have.

Din Djarin: Why so slow?

Greef Karga: It's not slow at all. Actually, very busy. They just don't want to pay Guild rates. They don't mind if things get sloppy.

Din Djarin: What's your highest bounty?

Greef Karga: Not much. Five thousand.

Din Djarin: That won't even cover fuel these days.

Greef Karga: Hmm. // There is one job.

Din Djarin: Let's see the puck.

Greef Karga: No puck. Face to face. Direct commission. Deep pocket.

Din Djarin: Underworld?

Greef Karga: All I know is no chain code.

[ He pulls out a chit card. ]

Greef Karga: Do you want the chit or not?

[ The Mandalorian grabs the chit card and leaves. He walks through town to a building. He knocks. A sensor eye appears asking for identification in an un-subtitled foreign language. The Mandalorian shows the chit card which the sensor reads, saying something again in an un-subtitled foreign language. The door opens and the Mandalorian enters the building. ]

Client: Greef Karga said you were coming.

[ The Mandalorian walks into the room to stand before the client. ]

Din Djarin: What else did he say?

Client: He said you were the best in the parsec.

[ A door suddenly opens, and before the person even enters, the Mandalorian draws his weapons, as do the stormtroopers. ]

Stormtrooper: Freeze!

Dr. Pershing: No!

Stormtrooper: Drop your weapons!

Dr. Pershing: No, no, no, no. Pardon. Uh, sorry. I... didn't... mean to alarm.

[ The client gets up and walks around the table to stand in front of the Mandalorian. ]

Client: This is Doctor Pershing. // Please excuse his lack of decorum. // His enthusiasm outweighs his discretion. // Please lower your blaster.

Din Djarin: Have them lower theirs first.

Stormtrooper: We have you four to one.

Din Djarin: I like those odds.

[ The client steps closer. ]

Client: He also said you were expensive. Very expensive. Please sit.

[ On a sign from the client the stormtroopers lower their weapons, as does the Mandalorian. He and the client sit. The client unpacks a cloth package. ]

Din Djarin: Beskar?

Client: Go ahead. It's real.

[ The Mandalorian inspects the ingot. ]

Client: This is only a down payment. I have a camtono of Beskar waiting for you upon delivery of the asset.

Dr. Pershing: Alive.

Client: Yes. Alive. Although, I acknowledge that bounty hunting is a complicated profession. This being the case, proof of termination is also acceptable for a lower fee.

Dr. Pershing: That is not what we agreed upon.

Client: I'm simply being pragmatic.

Din Djarin: Let's see the puck.

Client: I'm afraid discretion dictates a less traditional agreement. We can only offer you a tracking fob.

[ Dr. Pershing hands the Mandalorian a tracking fob. ]

Din Djarin: What's the chain code?

Client: We can only provide the last four digits.

Din Djarin: Their age? That's all you can give me?

Client: Yes. They're 50 years old. We can also give you last reported positional data. Between that and the fob, a man of your skill should make short work of this.

[ The Mandalorian gets up and moves to leave. ]

Client: The Beskar belongs back into the hands of a Mandalorian. It is good to restore the natural order of things after a period of such disarray, don't you agree?

[ The Mandalorian leaves. He walks through town and covertly enters an underground facility, sitting down with a Mandalorian armorer. He places credits and the beskar ingot on the table. ]

Armorer: (Inspecting the ingot.) This was gathered in the Great Purge. It is good it is back with the Tribe.

Din Djarin: Yes.

Armorer: A pauldron would be in order. // Has your signet been revealed?

Din Djarin: Not yet.

Armorer: Soon.

[ The armorer prepares to forge the pauldron. ]

Armorer: This is extremely generous. The excess will sponsor many Foundlings.

Din Djarin: That's good. // I was once a Foundling.

Armorer: I know.

[ While the armorer forges the pauldron, the Mandalorian has flashbacks to a moment of his childhood. He is seen carried by his father, accompanied by his mother, making their way through flighting and explosions until he is hidden away. Then the armorer places the pauldron on his shoulder. ]

[ Cut to the Razor Crest approaching, then landing on Arvala-7. The Mandalorian scans the landscape  until suddenly attacked by a blurrg, a second one joining. They fight until the blurrgs are tranquilized by Kuiil. ]

Din Djarin: Thank you.

Kuiil: You are a bounty hunter.

Din Djarin: Yes.

Kuiil: I will help you. // I have spoken.

[ Cut to Kuiil's residence. ]

Kuiil: Many have passed through. // They seek the same one as you.

Din Djarin: Did you help them?

Kuiil: Yes. // They died.

Din Djarin: Well, then I don't know if I want your help.

Kuiil: You do. I can show you to the encampment.

Din Djarin: What's your cut?

Kuiil: Half.

Din Djarin: Half the bounty to guide? Seems steep.

Kuiil: No. Half of the blurrg you helped capture.

Din Djarin: The blurrg? You can keep them both.

Kuiil: No, you will need one. To ride. The way is impossible to pass without a blurrg mount.

Din Djarin: I don't know how to ride blurrg.

Kuiil: I have spoken.

[ Cut to the Mandalorian being thrown by a blurrg. ]

Kuiil: Perhaps if you removed your helmet.

Din Djarin: Perhaps he remembers I tried to roast him.

Kuiil: This is a female. The males are all eaten during mating.

[ The Mandalorian tries again, and gets thrown again. ]

Din Djarin: I don't have time for this. Do you have a Landspeeder or Speeder bike that I could hire?

Kuiil: You are Mandalorian! Your ancestors rode the great Mythosaur. Surely you can ride this young foal.

[ The Mandalorian approaches the blurrg again. ]

Din Djarin: Easy. Easy. Now, all right. Settle down. Whoa! Settle. Settle. That's good. That's good. Easy. Okay. That's good. All right.

[ He finally mounts the blurrg  and it doesn't throw him. ]

[ Cut to the Mandalorian and Kuiil riding across the landscape on blurrg. ]

Kuiil: That is where you'll find your quarry.

[ The Mandalorian hands Kuiil a bag of credits, but Kuiil waves off. ]

Din Djarin: Please. You deserve this.

Kuiil: Since these ones arrived, this territory has been an endless stream of mercenaries seeking reward and bringing destruction.

Din Djarin: Then why did you guide me?

Kuiil: They do not belong here. Those that live here come to seek peace. There will be no peace until they're gone.

Din Djarin: Then why do you help?

Kuiil: I have never met a Mandalorian. I've only read the stories. If they are true, you will make quick work of it. Then there will again be peace. I have spoken.

[ Cut to the Mandalorian reconning the encampment from a far off cliff edge. ]

Din Djarin: Oh, no. Bounty Droid.

[ Cut to the encampment. ]

IG-11: Subparagraph 16 of the Bondsman Guild protocol waiver compels you to immediately produce said asset.

[ Fighting. The droids shoots all in sight, the rest hole up. ]

Din Djarin: (exasperated) Droids.

IG-11: Subparagraph 16 of the Bondsman Guild protocol waiver compels you to immediately produce said asset.

[ The Mandalorian appears from behind a pillar. ]

Din Djarin: IG Unit! Stand down.

[ A shot from IG-11 throws the Mandalorian backward. ]

Din Djarin: I'm in the Guild!

IG-11: You are a Guild member? I thought I was the only one on assignment.

Din Djarin: That makes two of us. So much for the element of surprise.

IG-11: Sadly, I must ask for your fob. I have already issued the writ of seizure. The bounty is mine.

Din Djarin: Unless I'm mistaken, you are, as of yet, empty-handed.

IG-11: This is true.

Din Djarin: I have a suggestion.

IG-11: Proceed.

Din Djarin: We split the reward.

IG-11: This is acceptable.

Din Djarin: Great. Now let's regroup, out of harm's way, and form a plan.

IG-11: I will of course receive the reputation merits associated with the mission.

Din Djarin: Can we talk about this later?

IG-11: I require an answer if I am to proceed-- Oh, no. Alert. Alert. Alert.

[ Gunfighting. ]

Din Djarin: Let's go!

[ Gunfighting. The Mandalorian pulls out the fob and points to a steel door. ]

Din Djarin: He's in there!

IG-11: Affirmative.

[ Gunfighting. ]

Din Djarin: Up top!

[ They take cover behind pillars while the enemies are surrounding them. ]

IG-11: It appears we are trapped. I will initiate self-destruct sequencing.

Din Djarin: Whoa! You're what?

IG-11: Manufacturers Protocol dictates I cannot be captured. I must self-destruct.

Din Djarin: Do not self-destruct. // Cover me!

[ The Mandalorian attempts to open the door, to no avail. ]

Din Djarin: Go! Go! Go! There's too many!

[ Gunfighting. ]

Din Djarin: They got us pinned.

[ The enemies bring out a heavy gun. ]

IG-11: I will initiate self-destruct.

Din Djarin: Do not self-destruct! We're shooting our way out.

[ They come out of hiding, facing the heavy gun. ]

Din Djarin: Okay...

[ They take cover again. ]

Din Djarin: New plan!

IG-11: Beginning self-destruct countdown.

Din Djarin: No! Stop it! // Draw their fire, I'll take it out.

IG-11: Acceptable.

Din Djarin: Go!

[ The IG unit runs out to draw the fire while the Mandalorian grapples the heavy gun and shoots all remaining enemies. ]

IG-11: Well done. // I will disengage self-destruct initiative.

[ The Mandalorian helps the IG unit up. ]

Din Djarin: You know, you're not so bad. For a droid.

IG-11: Agreed.

Din Djarin: That blaster hit looks nasty. You okay?

IG-11: Running a quick diagnostic. // It has missed my central wiring harness.

Din Djarin: Is that good?

IG-11: Yes.

Din Djarin: Well, now we just need to get the door open.

[ They shoot the door open with the heavy gun. Inside, a lone enemy jumps out  and is shot down. ]

Din Djarin: Anyone else?

IG-11: The tracking fob is still active. My sensors indicate that there is a life form present.

[ The Mandalorian scans the room. The tracking fob leads them to an egg shaped container. He opens it. ]

Din Djarin: Wait. They said 50 years old.

IG-11: Species age differently. // Perhaps it could live many centuries.

[ The Child slowly emerges from a blanket. ]

IG-11: Sadly, we'll never know.

[ The IG unit starts to raise its gun but the Mandalorian stops it. ]

Din Djarin: No. We'll bring it in alive.

IG-11: The commission was quite specific. The asset was to be terminated.

[ A shot is fired. The IG unit drops to the ground, shot down by the Mandalorian. ]

End. 

[ The Mandalorian is seen walking through a canyon, the egg shaped crib with the Child floating alongside him. Suddenly he is attacked. One of them drops a tracking fob after he is disintegrated. ]

Title Screen

[ Cut to a campfire scene where the Mandalorian is tending to his wound. The Child attempts to help him. He puts it back in the crib. Twice. ]

[ Next morning has the Mandalorian finding his ship being dismantled by Jawas. He disintegrates a few of them and sends them fleeing in their sandcrawler. He follows the sandcrawler and attempts to board it. In the end he falls off to lie in the dirt. He returns to his ship, finding all his weapons gone. An attempt to start the ship is to no avail, so he leaves and returns to Kuiil's residence. ]

Kuiil: I thought you were dead.

[ Kuiil watches the Child. ]

Kuiil: This is what was causing all the fuss?

Din Djarin: I think it's a child.

Kuiil: It is better to deliver it alive then.

Din Djarin: My ship has been destroyed. I'm trapped here.

Kuiil: Stripped. Not destroyed. The Jawas steal. They don't destroy.

Din Djarin: Stolen or destroyed  makes no difference to me.

[ He watches the Child chase a frog. ]

Din Djarin: They're protected by their crawling fortress. There is no way to recover the parts.

Kuiil: You can trade.

Din Djarin: With Jawas? Are you out of your mind?

Kuiil: I will take you to them. I have spoken.

[ The Mandalorian sees the Child devour the frog. ]

Din Djarin: Hey! Spit that out.

[ Cut to the Mandalorian and Kuiil trecking through a rainy night, coming upon the sandcrawler in daylight. ]

Kuiil: (waving) (subtitled) Greetings! // They really don't like you for some reason.

Din Djarin: Well, I did disintegrate a few of them.

Kuiil: You need to drop your rifle.

Din Djarin: I'm a Mandalorian. Weapons are part of my religion.

Kuiil: Then you're not getting your parts back.

Din Djarin: (sighs) Fine.

[ He puts the rifle down. Kuiil dismounts the blurrg, the Mandalorian gets off the sled. ]

Kuiil: And the blaster.

[ The Mandalorian puts the blaster away, and they all sit down. ]

Kuiil: They will trade all the parts for the beskar.

Din Djarin: I'm not gonna trade anything. These are my parts. They stole them from me. // (subtitled) They, they... belong... to me!

Jawa: (subtitled) You speak terrible Jawa. // (subtitled) You sound like a Wookiee.

Din Djarin: You understand this?!

[ He blasts a stream of fire from his vambrace flamethrower at them. ]

Kuiil: No! Whoa, easy, easy. (subtitled) He is Mandalorian. He cannot give you his beskar armor. What else may he trade?

[ The Jawa says something not subtitled and points to the sled. Two Jawas are inspecting the Child. ]

Din Djarin: Get away from it!

[ The Jawas scatter. ]

Kuiil: There must be something else.

[ The Jawa turn to discuss amongst themselves, then turn back around. ]

Jawa: (subtitled) We will require The Egg. Bring us The Egg.

[ Kuiil groans and facepalms. ]

Din Djarin: The Egg? What Egg?

Jawas: (subtitled) The Egg! The Egg! The Egg! The Egg!

[ Everybody travels in the sandcrawler to where The Egg is to be found. The Mandalorian goes to enter the lair of the mudhorn. Once he finds the creature, he proceeds to get trashed by the beast in a mudfight  until the Child uses mind force to stop the mudhorn long enough for the Mandalorian to kill it. Then he retrieves The Egg from the lair. ]

[ Cut to the sandcrawler where the Jawas prepare to leave. ]

Kuiil: Just a little while longer. // Fine. Go without me. // (sighs) [ The Mandalorian appears over the edge. ]

Kuiil: Mando!

Din Djarin: I have it. // I've got The Egg.

[ The Jawas take The Egg, proceed to cut it open and eat its contents. The Mandalorian just shakes his head and meets up with Kuiil. ]

Din Djarin: I'm surprised you waited.

Kuiil: I'm surprised you took so long.

[ Cut to Kuiil and the Mandalorian returning with the sled full of parts, the Child fast asleep in its crib. ]

Kuiil: I it still sleeping?

Din Djarin: Yes.

Kuiil: Was it injured?

Din Djarin: I don't think so. Not physically.

Kuiil: Explain it to me again. I still don't understand what happened.

Din Djarin: Neither do I.

[ At night time they arrive at the ship. ]

Din Djarin: There is no way we're gonna get this to work without a full maintenance facility. This is gonna take days to fix.

Kuiil: If you care to help it might go faster. There is much work to do.

[ Kuiil and the Mandalorian work together to fix the ship while the Child sleeps. ]

Din Djarin: I can't thank you enough. Please allow me to give you a portion of the reward.

Kuiil: I cannot accept. You are my guest, and I am therefore in your service.

Din Djarin: I could use a crew member of your ability. And I can pay handsomely.

Kuiil: I am honoured. But I have worked a lifetime to finally be free of servitude.

Din Djarin: I understand. Then... all I can offer is my thanks.

Kuiil: And I offer mine. Thank you for bringing peace to my valley.

[ Kuiil leaves the ship and mounts his blurrg. ]

Kuiil: And good luck with the Child. May it survive and bring you a handsome reward. I have spoken.

[ The Mandalorian leaves the planet. ]

End. 



                                        STAR WARS

                                        Episode IV

                                        A NEW HOPE

                                         From the
                                  JOURNAL OF THE WHILLS

                                            by
                                       George Lucas

                                   Revised Fourth Draft
                                     January 15, 1976

                                      LUCASFILM LTD.

                

               A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far, away...

               A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the main title. 
               War drums echo through the heavens as a rollup slowly crawls 
               into infinity.

                    It is a period of civil war. Rebel spaceships, 
                    striking from a hidden base, have won their first 
                    victory against the evil Galactic Empire.

                    During the battle, Rebel spies managed to steal 
                    secret plans to the Empire's ultimate weapon, the 
                    Death Star, an armored space station with enough 
                    power to destroy an entire planet.

                    Pursued by the Empire's sinister agents, Princess 
                    Leia races home aboard her starship, custodian of 
                    the stolen plans that can save her people and 
                    restore freedom to the galaxy...

               The awesome yellow planet of Tatooine emerges from a total 
               eclipse, her two moons glowing against the darkness. A tiny 
               silver spacecraft, a Rebel Blockade Runner firing lasers 
               from the back of the ship, races through space. It is pursed 
               by a giant Imperial Stardestroyer. Hundreds of deadly 
               laserbolts streak from the Imperial Stardestroyer, causing 
               the main solar fin of the Rebel craft to disintegrate.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - MAIN PASSAGEWAY

               An explosion rocks the ship as two robots, Artoo-Detoo (R2-
               D2) and See-Threepio (C-3PO) struggle to make their way 
               through the shaking, bouncing passageway. Both robots are 
               old and battered. Artoo is a short, claw-armed tripod. His 
               face is a mass of computer lights surrounding a radar eye. 
               Threepio, on the other hand, is a tall, slender robot of 
               human proportions. He has a gleaming bronze-like metallic 
               surface of an Art Deco design.

               Another blast shakes them as they struggle along their way.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Did you hear that? They've shut down 
                         the main reactor. We'll be destroyed 
                         for sure. This is madness!

               Rebel troopers rush past the robots and take up positions in 
               the main passageway. They aim their weapons toward the door.

                                     THREEPIO
                         We're doomed!

               The little R2 unit makes a series of electronic sounds that 
               only another robot could understand.

                                     THREEPIO
                         There'll be no escape for the Princess 
                         this time.

               Artoo continues making beeping sounds. Tension mounts as 
               loud metallic latches clank and the scream of heavy equipment 
               are heard moving around the outside hull of the ship.

                                     THREEPIO
                         What's that?

               EXT. SPACECRAFT IN SPACE

               The Imperial craft has easily overtaken the Rebel Blockade 
               Runner. The smaller Rebel ship is being drawn into the 
               underside dock of the giant Imperial starship.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER

               The nervous Rebel troopers aim their weapons. Suddenly a 
               tremendous blast opens up a hole in the main passageway and 
               a score of fearsome armored spacesuited stormtroopers make 
               their way into the smoke-filled corridor.

               In a few minutes the entire passageway is ablaze with 
               laserfire. The deadly bolts ricochet in wild random patterns 
               creating huge explosions. Stormtroopers scatter and duck 
               behind storage lockers. Laserbolts hit several Rebel soldiers 
               who scream and stagger through the smoke, holding shattered 
               arms and faces.

               An explosion hits near the robots.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I should have known better than to 
                         trust the logic of a half-sized 
                         thermocapsulary dehousing assister...

               Artoo counters with an angry rebuttal as the battle rages 
               around the two hapless robots.

               EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT WASTELAND - DAY

               A death-white wasteland stretches from horizon to horizon. 
               The tremendous heat of two huge twin suns settle on a lone 
               figure, Luke Skywalker, a farm boy with heroic aspirations 
               who looks much younger than his eighteen years. His shaggy 
               hair and baggy tunic give him the air of a simple but lovable 
               lad with a prize-winning smile.

               A light wind whips at him as he adjusts several valves on a 
               large battered moisture vaporator which sticks out of the 
               desert floor much like an oil pipe with valves. He is aided 
               by a beatup tread-robot with six claw arms. The little robot 
               appears to be barely functioning and moves with jerky motions.  
               A bright sparkle in the morning sky catches Luke's eye and 
               he instinctively grabs a pair of electrobinoculars from his 
               utility belt. He stands transfixed for a few moments studying 
               the heavens, then dashed toward his dented, crudely repaired 
               Landspeeder (an auto-like transport that travels a few feet 
               above the ground on a magnetic-field). He motions for the 
               tiny robot to follow him.

                                     LUKE
                         Hurry up! Come with me! What are you 
                         waiting for?! Get in gear!

               The robot scoots around in a tight circle, stops short, and 
               smoke begins to pour out of every joint. Luke throws his 
               arms up in disgust. Exasperated, the young farm boy jumps 
               into his Landspeeder leaving the smoldering robot to hum 
               madly.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - MAIN HALLWAY

               The awesome, seven-foot-tall Dark Lord of the Sith makes his 
               way into the blinding light of the main passageway. This is 
               Darth Vader, right hand of the Emperor. His face is obscured 
               by his flowing black robes and grotesque breath mask, which 
               stands out next to the fascist white armored suits of the 
               Imperial stormtroopers. Everyone instinctively backs away 
               from the imposing warrior and a deathly quiet sweeps through 
               the Rebel troops. Several of the Rebel troops break and run 
               in a frenzied panic.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER

               A woman's hand puts a card into an opening in Artoo's dome.  
               Artoo makes beeping sounds.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER

               Threepio stands in a hallway, somewhat bewildered. Artoo is 
               nowhere in sight. The pitiful screams of the doomed Rebel 
               soldiers can be heard in the distance.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Artoo! Artoo-Detoo, where are you?

               A familiar clanking sound attacks Threepio's attention and 
               he spots little Artoo at the end of the hallway in a smoke-
               filled alcove. A beautiful young girl (about sixteen years 
               old) stands in front of Artoo. Surreal and out of place, 
               dreamlike and half hidden in the smoke, she finishes adjusting 
               something on Artoo's computer face, then watches as the little 
               robot joins his companion.

                                     THREEPIO
                         At last! Where have you been?

               Stormtroopers can be heard battling in the distance.

                                     THREEPIO
                         They're heading in this direction. 
                         What are we going to do? We'll be 
                         sent to the spice mine of Kessel or 
                         smashed into who knows what!

               Artoo scoots past his bronze friend and races down the 
               subhallway. Threepio chases after him.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Wait a minute, where are you going?

               Artoo responds with electronic beeps.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - CORRIDOR

               The evil Darth Vader stands amid the broken and twisted bodies 
               of his foes. He grabs a wounded Rebel Officer by the neck as 
               an Imperial Officer rushes up to the Dark Lord.

                                     IMPERIAL OFFICER
                         The Death Star plans are not in the 
                         main computer.

               Vader squeezes the neck of the Rebel Officer, who struggles 
               in vain.

                                     VADER
                         Where are those transmissions you 
                         intercepted?

               Vader lifts the Rebel off his feet by his throat.

                                     VADER
                         What have you done with those plans?

                                     REBEL OFFICER
                         We intercepted no transmissions. 
                         Aaah... This is a consular ship. 
                         Were on a diplomatic mission.

                                     VADER
                         If this is a consular ship... were 
                         is the Ambassador?

               The Rebel refuses to speak but eventually cries out as the 
               Dark Lord begins to squeeze the officer's throat, creating a 
               gruesome snapping and choking, until the soldier goes limp. 
               Vader tosses the dead soldier against the wall and turns to 
               his troops.

                                     VADER
                         Commander, tear this ship apart until 
                         you've found those plans and bring 
                         me the Ambassador. I want her alive!

               The stormtroopers scurry into the subhallways.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - SUBHALLWAY

               The lovely young girl huddles in a small alcove as the 
               stormtroopers search through the ship. She is Princess Leia 
               Organa, a member of the Alderaan Senate. The fear in her 
               eyes slowly gives way to anger as the muted crushing sounds 
               of the approaching stormtroopers grow louder. One of the 
               troopers spots her.

                                     TROOPER
                         There she is! Set for stun!

               Leia steps from her hiding place and blasts a trooper with 
               her laser pistol. She starts to run but is felled by a 
               paralyzing ray. The troopers inspect her inert body.

                                     TROOPER
                         She'll be all right. Inform Lord 
                         Vader we have a prisoner.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - SUBHALLWAY

               Artoo stops before the small hatch of an emergency lifepod. 
               He snaps the seal on the main latch and a red warning light 
               begins to flash. The stubby astro-robot works his way into 
               the cramped four-man pod.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Hey, you're not permitted in there. 
                         It's restricted. You'll be deactivated 
                         for sure..

               Artoo beeps something to him.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Don't call me a mindless philosopher, 
                         you overweight glob of grease! Now 
                         come out before somebody sees you.

               Artoo whistles something at his reluctant friend regarding 
               the mission he is about to perform.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Secret mission? What plans? What are 
                         you talking about? I'm not getting 
                         in there!

               Artoo isn't happy with Threepio's stubbornness, and he beeps 
               and twangs angrily.

               A new explosion, this time very close, sends dust and debris 
               through the narrow subhallway. Flames lick at Threepio and, 
               after a flurry of electronic swearing from Artoo, the lanky 
               robot jumps into the lifepod.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I'm going to regret this.

               INT. IMPERIAL STARDESTROYER

               On the main viewscreen, the lifepod carrying the two terrified 
               robots speeds away from the stricken Rebel spacecraft.

                                     CHIEF PILOT
                         There goes another one.

                                     CAPTAIN
                         Hold your fire. There are no life 
                         forms. It must have been short-
                         circuited.

               INT. LIFEPOD

               Artoo and Threepio look out at the receding Imperial starship.  
               Stars circle as the pod rotates through the galaxy.

                                     THREEPIO
                         That's funny, the damage doesn't 
                         look as bad from out here.

               Artoo beeps an assuring response.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Are you sure this things safe?

               EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - DAY

               Heat waves radiate from the dozen or so bleached white 
               buildings. Luke pilots his Landspeeder through the dusty 
               empty street of the tiny settlement. An old woman runs to 
               get out of the way of the speeding vehicle, shaking her fist 
               at Luke as he flies past.

                                     WOMAN
                         I've told you kids to slow down!

               INT. POWER STATION - DAY

               Luke bursts into the power station, waking The Fixer, a rugged 
               mechanic and Camie, a sexy, disheveled girl who has been 
               asleep in his lap. They grumbled as he races through the 
               office, yelling wildly.

                                     FIXER
                         Did I hear a young noise blast through 
                         here?

                                     CAMIE
                         It was just wormie on another rampage.

               Luke bounces into a small room behind the office where Deak 
               and Windy, two tough boys about the same age as Luke, are 
               playing a computer pool-like game with Biggs, a burly, 
               handsome boy a few years older than the rest. His flashy 
               city attire is a sharp contrast to the loose-fitting tunics 
               of the farm boys. A robot repairs some equipment in the 
               background.

                                     LUKE
                         Shape it up you guys!... Biggs?

               Luke's surprise at the appearance of Biggs gives way to great 
               joy and emotion. They give each other a great bear hug.

                                     LUKE
                         I didn't know you were back! When 
                         did you get in?

                                     BIGGS
                         Just now. I wanted to surprise you, 
                         hot shot. I thought you'd be here... 
                         certainly didn't expect you to be 
                         out working.
                              (he laughs)

                                     LUKE
                         The Academy didn't change you 
                         much...but you're back so soon? Hey, 
                         what happened, didn't you get your 
                         commission?

               Biggs has an air of cool that seems slightly phony.

                                     BIGGS
                         Of course I got it. Signed aboard 
                         The Rand Ecliptic last week. First 
                         mate Biggs Darklighter at your 
                         service...
                              (he salutes)
                         ...I just came to say good-bye to 
                         all you unfortunate landlocked 
                         simpletons.

               Everyone laughs. The dazzling spectacle of his dashing friend 
               is almost too much for Luke, but suddenly he snaps out of 
               it.

                                     LUKE
                         I almost forgot. There's a battle 
                         going on! Right here in our system. 
                         Come and look!

                                     DEAK
                         Not again! Forget it.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD - SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - 
               DAY

               The group stumbles out into the stifling desert sun. Camie 
               and The Fixer complain and are forced to shade their eyes. 
               Luke has his binoculars out scanning the heavens.

                                     LUKE
                         There they are!

               Biggs takes the binoculars from Luke as the others strain to 
               see something with the naked eye. Through the binoculars 
               Biggs sees two small silver specks.

                                     BIGGS
                         That's no battle, hot shot... they're 
                         just sitting there! Probably a 
                         freighter-tanker refueling.

                                     LUKE
                         But there was a lot of firing 
                         earlier...

               Camie grabs the binoculars away banging them against the 
               building in the process. Luke grabs them.

                                     LUKE
                         Hey, easy with those...

                                     CAMIE
                         Don't worry about it, Wormie.

               The Fixer gives Luke a hard look and the young farm boy shrugs 
               his shoulders in resignation.

                                     FIXER
                         I keep telling you, the Rebellion is 
                         a long way from here. I doubt if the 
                         Empire would even fight to keep this 
                         system. Believe me Luke, this planet 
                         is a big hunk of nothing...

               Luke agrees, although it's obvious he isn't sure why. The 
               group stumbles back into the power station, grumbling about 
               Luke's ineptitude.

               INT. REBEL BLOCKADE RUNNER - HALLWAY

               Princess Leia is led down a low-ceilinged hallway by a squad 
               of armored stormtroopers. Her hands are bound and she is 
               brutally shoved when she is unable to keep up with the briskly 
               marching troops. They stop in a smoky hallway as Darth Vader 
               emerges from the shadows. The sinister Dark Lord stares hard 
               at the frail young senator, but she doesn't move.

                                     LEIA
                         Lord Vader, I should have known. 
                         Only you could be so bold. The 
                         Imperial Senate will not sit for 
                         this, when they hear you've attacked 
                         a diplomatic...

                                     VADER
                         Don't play games with me, Your 
                         Highness. You weren't on any mercy 
                         mission this time. You passed directly 
                         through a restricted system. Several 
                         transmissions were beamed to this 
                         ship by Rebel spies. I want to know 
                         what happened to the plans they sent 
                         you.

                                     LEIA
                         I don't know what you're talking 
                         about. I'm a member of the Imperial 
                         Senate on a diplomatic mission to 
                         Alderaan...

                                     VADER
                         You're a part of the Rebel Alliance... 
                         and a traitor. Take her away!

               Leia is marched away down the hallway and into the smoldering 
               hole blasted in the side of the ship. An Imperial Commander 
               turns to Vader.

                                     COMMANDER
                         Holding her is dangerous. If word of 
                         this gets out, it could generate 
                         sympathy for the Rebellion in the 
                         senate.

                                     VADER
                         I have traced the Rebel spies to 
                         her. Now she is my only link to find 
                         their secret base!

                                     COMMANDER
                         She'll die before she tells you 
                         anything.

                                     VADER
                         Leave that to me. Send a distress 
                         signal and then inform the senate 
                         that all aboard were killed!

               Another Imperial Officer approaches Vader and the Commander. 
               They stop and snap to attention.

                                     SECOND OFFICER
                         Lord Vader, the battle station plans 
                         are not aboard this ship! And no 
                         transmissions were made. An escape 
                         pod was jettisoned during the 
                         fighting, but no life forms were 
                         aboard.

               Vader turns to the Commander.

                                     VADER
                         She must have hidden the plans in 
                         the escape pod. Send a detachment 
                         down to retrieve them. See to it 
                         personally, Commander. There'll be 
                         no one to stop us this time.

                                     COMMANDER
                         Yes, sir.

               EXT. SPACE

               The Imperial Stardestroyer comes over the surface of the 
               planet Tatooine.

               EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT

               Jundland, or "No Man's Land", where the rugged desert mesas 
               meet the foreboding dune sea. The two helpless astro-droids 
               kick up clouds of sand as they leave the lifepod and clumsily 
               work their way across the desert wasteland. The lifepod in 
               the distance rests half buried in the sand.

                                     THREEPIO
                         How did I get into this mess? I really 
                         don't know how. We seem to be made 
                         to suffer. It's our lot in life.

               Artoo answers with beeping sounds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I've got to rest before I fall apart. 
                         My joints are almost frozen.

               Artoo continues to respond with beeping sounds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         What a desolate place this is.

               Suddenly Artoo whistles, makes a sharp right turn and starts 
               off in the direction of the rocky desert mesas. Threepio 
               stops and yells at him.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Where are you going?

               A stream of electronic noises pours forth from the small 
               robot.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Well, I'm not going that way. It's 
                         much too rocky. This way is much 
                         easier.

               Artoo counters with a long whistle.

                                     THREEPIO
                         What makes you think there are 
                         settlements over there?

               Artoo continues to make beeping sounds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Don't get technical with me.

               Artoo continues to make beeping sounds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         What mission? What are you talking 
                         about? I've had just about enough of 
                         you! Go that way! You'll be 
                         malfunctioning within a day, you 
                         nearsighted scrap pile!

               Threepio gives the little robot a kick and starts off in the 
               direction of the vast dune sea.

                                     THREEPIO
                         And don't let me catch you following 
                         me begging for help, because you 
                         won't get it.

               Artoo's reply is a rather rude sound. He turns and trudges 
               off in the direction of the towering mesas.

                                     THREEPIO
                         No more adventures. I'm not going 
                         that way.

               Artoo beeps to himself as he makes his way toward the distant 
               mountains.

               EXT. TATOOINE - DUNE SEA

               Threepio, hot and tired, struggles up over the ridge of a 
               dune; only to find more dunes, which seem to go on for endless 
               miles.  He looks back in the direction of the now distant 
               rock mesas.

                                     THREEPIO
                         That malfunctioning little twerp. 
                         This is all his fault! He tricked me 
                         into going this way, but he'll do no 
                         better.

               In a huff of anger and frustration, Threepio knocks the sand 
               from his joints. His plight seems hopeless, when a glint of 
               reflected light in the distance reveals an object moving 
               towards him.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Wait, what's that? A transport! I'm 
                         saved!

               The bronze android waves frantically and yells at the 
               approaching transport.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Over here! Help! Please, help!

               EXT. TATOOINE - ANCHORHEAD SETTLEMENT - POWER STATION - DAY

               Luke and Biggs are walking and drinking a malt brew. Fixer 
               and the others can be heard working inside.

                                     LUKE
                              (Very animated)
                         ...so I cut off my power, shut down 
                         the afterburners and came in low on 
                         Deak's trail. I was so close I thought 
                         I was going to fry my instruments. 
                         As it was I busted up the Skyhopper 
                         pretty bad. Uncle Owen was pretty 
                         upset. He grounded me for the rest 
                         of the season. You should have been 
                         there... it was fantastic.

                                     BIGGS
                         You ought to take it easy Luke. You 
                         may be the hottest bushpilot this 
                         side of Mos Eisley, but those little 
                         Skyhoppers are dangerous. Keep it 
                         up, and one day, whammo, you're going 
                         to be nothing more than a dark spot 
                         on the down side of a canyon wall.

                                     LUKE
                         Look who's talking. Now that you've 
                         been around those giant starships 
                         you're beginning to sound like my 
                         uncle. You've gotten soft in the 
                         city...

                                     BIGGS
                         I've missed you kid.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, things haven't been the same 
                         since you left, Biggs. It's been 
                         so... quiet.

               Biggs looks around then leans close to Luke.

                                     BIGGS
                         Luke, I didn't come back just to say 
                         good-bye... I shouldn't tell you 
                         this, but you're the only one I can 
                         trust... and if I don't come back, I 
                         want somebody to know.

               Luke's eyes are wide with Biggs' seriousness and loyalty.

                                     LUKE
                         What are you talking about?

                                     BIGGS
                         I made some friends at the Academy.
                              (he whispers)
                         ...when our frigate goes to one of 
                         the central systems, we're going to 
                         jump ship and join the Alliance...

               Luke, amazed and stunned, is almost speechless.

                                     LUKE
                         Join the Rebellion?! Are you kidding! 
                         How?

                                     BIGGS
                         Quiet down will ya! You got a mouth 
                         bigger than a meteor crater!

                                     LUKE
                         I'm sorry. I'm quiet.
                              (he whispers)
                         Listen how quiet I am. You can barely 
                         hear me...

               Biggs shakes his head angrily and then continues.

                                     BIGGS
                         My friend has a friend on Bestine 
                         who might help us make contact.

                                     LUKE
                         You're crazy! You could wander around 
                         forever trying to find them.

                                     BIGGS
                         I know it's a long shot, but if I 
                         don't find them I'll do what I can 
                         on my own... It's what we always 
                         talked about. Luke, I'm not going to 
                         wait for the Empire to draft me into 
                         service. The Rebellion is spreading 
                         and I want to be on the right side -- 
                         the side I believe in.

                                     LUKE
                         And I'm stuck here...

                                     BIGGS
                         I thought you were going to the 
                         Academy next term. You'll get your 
                         chance to get off this rock.

                                     LUKE
                         Not likely! I had to cancel my 
                         application. There has been a lot of 
                         unrest among the Sandpeople since 
                         you left... they've even raided the 
                         outskirts of Anchorhead.

                                     BIGGS
                         Your uncle could hold off a whole 
                         colony of Sandpeople with one blaster.

                                     LUKE
                         I know, but he's got enough vaporators 
                         going to make the place pay off. He 
                         needs me for just one more season. I 
                         can't leave him now.

                                     BIGGS
                         I feel for you, Luke, you're going 
                         to have to learn what seems to be 
                         important or what really is important. 
                         What good is all your uncle's work 
                         if it's taken over by the Empire?... 
                         You know they're starting to 
                         nationalize commerce in the central 
                         systems... it won't be long before 
                         your uncle is merely a tenant, slaving 
                         for the greater glory of the Empire.

                                     LUKE
                         It couldn't happen here. You said it 
                         yourself. The Empire won't bother 
                         with this rock.

                                     BIGGS
                         Things always change.

                                     LUKE
                         I wish I was going... Are you going 
                         to be around long?

                                     BIGGS
                         No, I'm leaving in the morning...

                                     LUKE
                         Then I guess I won't see you.

                                     BIGGS
                         Maybe someday... I'll keep a lookout.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, I'll be at the Academy next 
                         season... after that who knows. I 
                         won't be drafted into the Imperial 
                         Starfleet that's for sure... Take 
                         care of yourself, you'll always be 
                         the best friend I've got.

                                     BIGGS
                         So long, Luke.

               Biggs turns away from his old friend and heads towards the 
               power station.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SUNSET

               The gargantuan rock formations are shrouded in a strange 
               foreboding mist and the onimous sounds of unearthly creatures 
               fill the air. Artoo moves cautiously through the creepy rock 
               canyon, inadvertently making a loud clicking noise as he 
               goes. He hears a distant, hard, metallic sound and stops for 
               a moment. Convinced he is alone, he continues on his way.

               In the distance, a pebble tumbles down the steep canyon wall 
               and a small dark figure darts into the shadows. A little 
               further up the canyon a slight flicker of light reveals a 
               pair of eyes in the dark recesses only a few feet from the 
               narrow path.

               The unsuspecting robot waddles along the rugged trail until 
               suddenly, out of nowhere, a powerful magnetic ray shoots out 
               of the rocks and engulfs him in an eerie glow. He manages 
               one short electronic squeak before he topples over onto his 
               back. His bright computer lights flicker off, then on, then 
               off again. Out of the rocks scurry three Jawas, no taller 
               than Artoo. They holster strange and complex weapons as they 
               cautiously approach the robot. They wear grubby cloaks and 
               their faces are shrouded so only their glowing eyes can be 
               seen. They hiss and make odd guttural sounds as they heave 
               the heavy robot onto their shoulders and carry him off down 
               the trail.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SANDCRAWLER - SUNSET

               The eight Jawas carry Artoo out of the canyon to a huge tank-
               like vehicle the size of a four-story house. They weld a 
               small disk on the side of Artoo and then put him under a 
               large tube on the side of the vehicle and the little robot 
               is sucked into the giant machine.

               The filthy little Jawas scurry like rats up small ladders 
               and enter the main cabin of the behemoth transport.

               INT. SANDCRAWLER - HOLD AREA

               It is dim inside the hold area of the Sandcrawler. Artoo 
               switches on a small floodlight on his forehead and stumbles 
               around the scrap heap. The narrow beam swings across rusty 
               metal rocket parts and an array of grotesquely twisted and 
               maimed astro-robots. He lets out a pathetic electronic whimper 
               and stumbles off toward what appears to be a door at the end 
               of the chamber.

               INT. SANDCRAWLER - PRISON AREA

               Artoo enters a wide room with a four-foot ceiling. In the 
               middle of the scrap heap sit a dozen or so robots of various 
               shapes and sizes. Some are engaged in electronic conversation, 
               while others simply mill about. A voice of recognition calls 
               out from the gloom.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Artoo-Detoo! It's you! It's you!

               A battered Threepio scrambles up to Artoo and embraces him.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - SANDCRAWLER - SUNSET

               The enormous Sandcrawler lumbers off toward the magnificent 
               twin suns, which are slowly setting over a distant mountain 
               ridge.

               EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - DAY

               Four Imperial stormtroopers mill about in front of the half-
               buried lifepod that brought Artoo and Threepio to Tatooine. 
               A trooper yells to an officer some distance away.

                                     FIRST TROOPER
                         Someone was in the pod. The tracks 
                         go off in this direction.

               A second trooper picks a small bit of metal out of the sand 
               and gives it to the first trooper.

                                     SECOND TROOPER
                         Look, sir -- droids.

               EXT. TATOOINE - DUNES

               The Sandcrawler moves slowly down a great sand dune.

               INT. SANDCRAWLER

               Threepio and Artoo noisily bounce along inside the cramped 
               prison chamber. Artoo appears to be shut off.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Wake up! Wake up!

               Suddenly the shaking and bouncing of the Sandcrawler stops, 
               creating quite a commotion among the mechanical men.  
               Threepio's fist bangs the head of Artoo whose computer lights 
               pop on as he begins beeping. At the far end of the long 
               chamber a hatch opens, filling the chamber with blinding 
               white light. a dozen or so Jawas make their way through the 
               odd assortment of robots.

                                     THREEPIO
                         We're doomed.

               A Jawa starts moving toward them.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Do you think they'll melt us down?

               Artoo responds, making beeping sounds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Don't shoot! Don't shoot! Will this 
                         never end?

               EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - LARS HOMESTEAD - AFTERNOON

               The Jawas mutter gibberish as they busily line up their 
               battered captives, including Artoo and Threepio, in front of 
               the enormous Sandcrawler, which is parked beside a small 
               homestead consisting of three large holes in the ground 
               surrounded by several tall moisture vaporators and one small 
               adobe block house.

               The Jawas scurry around fussing over the robots, straightening 
               them up or brushing some dust from a dented metallic elbow. 
               The shrouded little creatures smell horribly, attracting 
               small insects to the dark areas when their mouths and nostrils 
               should be.

               Out of the shadows of a dingy side-building limps Owen Lars, 
               a large burly man in his mid-fifties. His reddish eyes are 
               sunken in a dust-covered face. As the farmer carefully 
               inspects each robot, he is closely followed by his slump- 
               shouldered nephew, Luke Skywalker. One of the vile little 
               Jawas walks ahead of the farmer spouting an animated sales 
               pitch in a queer, unintelligible language.

               A voice calls out from one of the huge holes that form the 
               homestead. Luke goes over to the edge and sees his Aunt Beru 
               standing in the main courtyard.

                                     BERU
                         Luke, tell Owen that if he gets a 
                         translator to be sure it speaks Bocce.

                                     LUKE
                         It looks like we don't have much of 
                         a choice but I'll remind him.

               Luke returns to his uncle as they look over the equipment 
               for sale with the Jawa leader.

                                     OWEN
                         I have no need for a protocol droid.

                                     THREEPIO
                              (quickly)
                         Sir -- not in an environment such as 
                         this -- that's why I've also been 
                         programmed for over thirty secondary 
                         functions that...

                                     OWEN
                         What I really need is a droid that 
                         understands the binary language of 
                         moisture vaporators.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Vaporators! Sir -- My first job was 
                         programming binary load lifter... 
                         very similar to your vaporators. You 
                         could say...

                                     OWEN
                         Do you speak Bocce?

                                     THREEPIO
                         Of course I can, sir. It's like a 
                         second language for me... I'm as 
                         fluent in Bocce...

                                     OWEN
                         All right shut up!
                              (turning to Jawa)
                         I'll take this one.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Shutting up, sir.

                                     OWEN
                         Luke, take these two over to the 
                         garage, will you? I want you to have 
                         both of them cleaned up before dinner.

                                     LUKE
                         But I was going into Toshi Station 
                         to pick up some power converters...

                                     OWEN
                         You can waste time with your friends 
                         when your chores are done. Now come 
                         on, get to it!

                                     LUKE
                         All right, come on! And the red one, 
                         come on. Well, come on, Red, let's 
                         go.

               As the Jawas start to lead the three remaining robots back 
               into the Sandcrawler, Artoo lets out a pathetic little beep 
               and starts after his old friend Threepio. He is restrained 
               by a slimy Jawa, who zaps him with a control box.

               Owen is negotiating with the head Jawa. Luke and the two 
               robots start off for the garage when a plate pops off the 
               head of the red astro-droid's head plate and it sparks wildly.

                                     LUKE
                         Uncle Owen...

                                     OWEN
                         Yeah?

                                     LUKE
                         This R2 unit has a bad motivator. 
                         Look!

                                     OWEN
                              (to the head Jawa)
                         Hey, what're you trying to push on 
                         us?

               The Jawa goes into a loud spiel. Meanwhile, Artoo has sneaked 
               out of line and is moving up and down trying to attract 
               attention. He lets out with a low whistle. Threepio taps 
               Luke on the shoulder.

                                     THREEPIO
                              (pointing to Artoo)
                         Excuse me, sir, but that R2 unit is 
                         in prime condition. A real bargain.

                                     LUKE
                         Uncle Owen...

                                     OWEN
                         Yeah?

                                     LUKE
                         What about that one?

                                     OWEN
                              (to Jawa)
                         What about that blue one? We'll take 
                         that one.

               With a little reluctance the scruffy dwarf trades the damaged 
               astro-droid for Artoo.

                                     LUKE
                         Yeah, take it away.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Uh, I'm quite sure you'll be very 
                         pleased with that one, sir. He really 
                         is in first-class condition. I've 
                         worked with him before. Here he comes.

               Owen pays off the whining Jawa as Luke and the two robots 
               trudge off toward a grimy homestead entry.

                                     LUKE
                         Okay, let's go.

                                     THREEPIO
                              (to Artoo)
                         Now, don't you forget this! Why I 
                         should stick my neck out for you is 
                         quite beyond my capacity!

               INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - GARAGE AREA - LATE AFTERNOON

               The garage is cluttered and worn, but a friendly peaceful 
               atmosphere permeates the low grey chamber. Threepio lowers 
               himself into a large tub filled with warm oil. Near the 
               battered Landspeeder little Artoo rests on a large battery 
               with a cord to his face.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Thank the maker! This oil bath is 
                         going to feel so good. I've got such 
                         a bad case of dust contamination, I 
                         can barely move!

               Artoo beeps a muffled reply. Luke seems to be lost in thought 
               as he runs his hand over the damaged fin of a small two-man 
               Skyhopper spaceship resting in a low hangar off the garage. 
               Finally Luke's frustrations get the better of him and he 
               slams a wrench across the workbench.

                                     LUKE
                         It just isn't fair. Oh, Biggs is 
                         right. I'm never gonna get out of 
                         here!

                                     THREEPIO
                         Is there anything I might do to help?

               Luke glances at the battered robot. A bit of his anger drains 
               and a tiny smile creeps across his face.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, not unless you can alter time, 
                         speed up the harvest, or teleport me 
                         off this rock!

                                     THREEPIO
                         I don't think so, sir. I'm only a 
                         droid and not very knowledgeable 
                         about such things. Not on this planet, 
                         anyways. As a matter of fact, I'm 
                         not even sure which planet I'm on.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, if there's a bright center to 
                         the universe, you're on the planet 
                         that it's farthest from.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I see, sir.

                                     LUKE
                         Uh, you can call me Luke.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I see, sir Luke.

                                     LUKE
                              (laughing)
                         Just Luke.

                                     THREEPIO
                         And I am See-Threepio, human-cyborg 
                         relations, and this is my counterpart, 
                         Artoo-Detoo.

                                     LUKE
                         Hello.

               Artoo beeps in response. Luke unplugs Artoo and begins to 
               scrape several connectors on the robot's head with a chrome 
               pick. Threepio climbs out of the oil tub and begins wiping 
               oil from his bronze body.

                                     LUKE
                         You got a lot of carbon scoring here. 
                         It looks like you boys have seen a 
                         lot of action.

                                     THREEPIO
                         With all we've been through, sometimes 
                         I'm amazed we're in as good condition 
                         as we are, what with the Rebellion 
                         and all.

                                     LUKE
                         You know of the Rebellion against 
                         the Empire?

                                     THREEPIO
                         That's how we came to be in your 
                         service, if you take my meaning, 
                         sir.

                                     LUKE
                         Have you been in many battles?

                                     THREEPIO
                         Several, I think. Actually, there's 
                         not much to tell. I'm not much more 
                         than an interpreter, and not very 
                         good at telling stories. Well, not 
                         at making them interesting, anyways.

               Luke struggles to remove a small metal fragment from Artoo's 
               neck joint. He uses a larger pick.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, my little friend, you've got 
                         something jammed in here real good. 
                         Were you on a cruiser or...

               The fragment breaks loose with a snap, sending Luke tumbling 
               head over heels. He sits up and sees a twelve-inch three-
               dimensional hologram of Leia Organa, the Rebel senator, being 
               projected from the face of little Artoo. The image is a 
               rainbow of colors as it flickers and jiggles in the dimly 
               lit garage. Luke's mouth hangs open in awe.

                                     LEIA
                         Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my 
                         only hope.

                                     LUKE
                         What's this?

               Artoo looks around and sheepishly beeps an answer for Threepio 
               to translate. Leia continues to repeat the sentence fragment 
               over and over.

                                     THREEPIO
                         What is what?!? He asked you a 
                         question...
                              (pointing to Leia)
                         What is that?

               Artoo whistles his surprise as he pretends to just notice 
               the hologram. He looks around and sheepishly beeps an answer 
               for Threepio to translate. Leia continues to repeat the 
               sentence fragment over and over.

                                     LEIA
                         Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my 
                         only hope. Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. 
                         You're my only hope.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh, he says it's nothing, sir. Merely 
                         a malfunction. Old data. Pay it no 
                         mind.

               Luke becomes intrigued by the beautiful girl.

                                     LUKE
                         Who is she? She's beautiful.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir.

                                     LEIA
                         Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi...

                                     THREEPIO
                         I think she was a passenger on our 
                         last voyage. A person of some 
                         importance, sir -- I believe. Our 
                         captain was attached to...

                                     LUKE
                         Is there more to this recording?

               Luke reaches out for Artoo but he lets out several frantic 
               squeaks and a whistle.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Behave yourself, Artoo. You're going 
                         to get us in trouble. It's all right, 
                         you can trust him. He's our new 
                         master.

               Artoo whistles and beeps a long message to Threepio.

                                     THREEPIO
                         He says he's the property of Obi-Wan 
                         Kenobi, a resident of these parts. 
                         And it's a private message for him. 
                         Quite frankly, sir I don't know what 
                         he's talking about. Our last master 
                         was Captain Antilles, but with what 
                         we've been through, this little R2 
                         unit has become a bit eccentric.

                                     LUKE
                         Obi-Wan Kenobi? I wonder if he means 
                         old Ben Kenobi?

                                     THREEPIO
                         I beg your pardon, sir, but do you 
                         know what he's talking about?

                                     LUKE
                         Well, I don't know anyone named Obi-
                         Wan, but old Ben lives out beyond 
                         the dune sea. He's kind of a strange 
                         old hermit.

               Luke's gazes at the beautiful young princess for a few 
               moments.

                                     LUKE
                         I wonder who she is. It sounds like 
                         she's in trouble. I'd better play 
                         back the whole thing.

               Artoo beeps something to Threepio.

                                     THREEPIO
                         He says the restraining bolt has 
                         short circuited his recording system. 
                         He suggests that if you remove the 
                         bolt, he might be able to play back 
                         the entire recording.

               Luke looks longingly at the lovely, little princess and hasn't 
               really heard what Threepio has been saying.

                                     LUKE
                         H'm? Oh, yeah, well, I guess you're 
                         too small to run away on me if I 
                         take this off! Okay.

               Luke takes a wedged bar and pops the restraining bolt off 
               Artoo's side.

                                     LUKE
                         There you go.

               The princess immediately disappears...

                                     LUKE
                         Well, wait a minute. Where'd she go? 
                         Bring her back! Play back the entire 
                         message.

               Artoo beeps an innocent reply as Threepio sits up in 
               embarrassment.

                                     THREEPIO
                         What message? The one you're carrying 
                         inside your rusty innards!

               A women's voice calls out from another room.

                                     AUNT BERU
                         Luke? Luke! Come to dinner!

               Luke stands up and shakes his head at the malfunctioning 
               robot.

                                     LUKE
                         All right, I'll be right there, Aunt 
                         Beru.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I'm sorry, sir, but he appears to 
                         have picked up a slight flutter.

               Luke tosses Artoo's restraining bolt on the workbench and 
               hurries out of the room.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, see what you can do with him. 
                         I'll be right back.

                                     THREEPIO
                              (to Artoo)
                         Just you reconsider playing that 
                         message for him.

               Artoo beeps in response.

                                     THREEPIO
                         No, I don't think he likes you at 
                         all.

               Artoo beeps.

                                     THREEPIO
                         No, I don't like you either.

               INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - DINING AREA

               Luke's Aunt Beru, a warm, motherly woman, fills a pitcher 
               with blue fluid from a refrigerated container in the well-
               used kitchen. She puts the pitcher on a tray with some bowls 
               of food and starts for the dining area.

               Luke sits with his Uncle Owen before a table covered with 
               steaming bowls of food as Aunt Beru carries in a bowl of red 
               grain.

                                     LUKE
                         You know, I think that R2 unit we 
                         bought might have been stolen.

                                     OWEN
                         What makes you think that?

                                     LUKE
                         Well, I stumbled across a recording 
                         while I was cleaning him. He says he 
                         belongs to someone called Obi-Wan 
                         Kenobi.

               Owen is greatly alarmed at the mention of his name, but 
               manages to control himself.

                                     LUKE
                         I thought he might have meant old 
                         Ben. Do you know what he's talking 
                         about? Well, I wonder if he's related 
                         to Ben.

               Owen breaks loose with a fit of uncontrolled anger.

                                     OWEN
                         That old man's just a crazy old 
                         wizard. Tomorrow I want you to take 
                         that R2 unit into Anchorhead and 
                         have its memory flushed. That'll be 
                         the end of it. It belongs to us now.

                                     LUKE
                         But what if this Obi-Wan comes looking 
                         for him?

                                     OWEN
                         He won't, I don't think he exists 
                         any more. He died about the same 
                         time as your father.

                                     LUKE
                         He knew my father?

                                     OWEN
                         I told you to forget it. Your only 
                         concern is to prepare the new droids 
                         for tomorrow. In the morning I want 
                         them on the south ridge working out 
                         those condensers.

                                     LUKE
                         Yes, sir. I think those new droids 
                         are going to work out fine. In fact, 
                         I, uh, was also thinking about our 
                         agreement about my staying on another 
                         season. And if these new droids do 
                         work out, I want to transmit my 
                         application to the Academy this year.

               Owen's face becomes a scowl, although he tries to suppress 
               it.

                                     OWEN
                         You mean the next semester before 
                         harvest?

                                     LUKE
                         Sure, there're more than enough 
                         droids.

                                     OWEN
                         Harvest is when I need you the most. 
                         Only one more season. This year we'll 
                         make enough on the harvest so I'll 
                         be able to hire some more hands. And 
                         then you can go to the Academy next 
                         year.

               Luke continues to toy with his food, not looking at his uncle.

                                     OWEN
                         You must understand I need you here, 
                         Luke.

                                     LUKE
                         But it's a whole 'nother year.

                                     OWEN
                         Look, it's only one more season.

               Luke pushes his half-eaten plate of food aside and stands.

                                     LUKE
                         Yeah, that's what you said last year 
                         when Biggs and Tank left.

                                     AUNT BERU
                         Where are you going?

                                     LUKE
                         It looks like I'm going nowhere. I 
                         have to finish cleaning those droids.

               Resigned to his fate, Luke paddles out of the room. Owen 
               mechanically finishes his dinner.

                                     AUNT BERU
                         Owen, he can't stay here forever. 
                         Most of his friends have gone. It 
                         means so much to him.

                                     OWEN
                         I'll make it up to him next year. I 
                         promise.

                                     AUNT BERU
                         Luke's just not a farmer, Owen. He 
                         has too much of his father in him.

                                     OWEN
                         That's what I'm afraid of.

               EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEAD

               The giant twin suns of Tatooine slowly disappear behind a 
               distant dune range. Luke stands watching them for a few 
               moments, then reluctantly enters the doomed entrance to the 
               homestead.

               INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - GARAGE

               Luke enters the garage to discover the robots nowhere in 
               sight. He takes a small control box from his utility belt 
               similar to the one the Jawas were carrying. He activates the 
               box, which creates a low hum, and Threepio, letting out a 
               short yell, pops up from behind the Skyhopper spaceship.

                                     LUKE
                         What are you doing hiding there?

               Threepio stumbles forward, but Artoo is still nowhere in 
               sight.

                                     THREEPIO
                         It wasn't my fault, sir. Please don't 
                         deactivate me. I told him not to go, 
                         but he's faulty, malfunctioning; 
                         kept babbling on about his mission.

                                     LUKE
                         Oh, no!

               Luke races out of the garage followed by Threepio.

               EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEAD

               Luke rushes out of the small doomed entry to the homestead 
               and searches the darkening horizon for the small triped astro-
               robot. Threepio struggles out of the homestead and on the 
               salt flat as Luke scans the landscape with his 
               electrobinoculars.

                                     THREEPIO
                         That R2 unit has always been a 
                         problem. These astro-droids are 
                         getting quite out of hand. Even I 
                         can't understand their logic at times.

                                     LUKE
                         How could I be so stupid? He's nowhere 
                         in sight. Blast it!

                                     THREEPIO
                         Pardon me, sir, but couldn't we go 
                         after him?

                                     LUKE
                         It's too dangerous with all the 
                         Sandpeople around. We'll have to 
                         wait until morning.

               Owen yells up from the homestead plaza.

                                     OWEN
                         Luke, I'm shutting the power down 
                         for the night.

                                     LUKE
                         All right, I'll be there in a few 
                         minutes. Boy, am I gonna get it.

               He takes one final look across the dim horizon.

                                     LUKE
                         You know that little droid is going 
                         to cause me a lot of trouble.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh, he excels at that, sir.

               INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - PLAZA

               Morning slowly creeps into the sparse but sparkling oasis of 
               the open courtyard. The idyll is broken be the yelling of 
               Uncle Owen, his voice echoing throughout the homestead.

                                     OWEN
                         Luke? Luke? Luke? Where could he be 
                         loafing now!

               INT. LARS HOMESTEAD - KITCHEN

               The interior of the kitchen is a worm glow as Aunt Beru 
               prepares the morning breakfast. Owen enters in a huff.

                                     OWEN
                         Have you seen Luke this morning?

                                     AUNT BERU
                         He said he had some things to do 
                         before he started today, so he left 
                         early.

                                     OWEN
                         Uh? Did he take those two new droids 
                         with him?

                                     AUNT BERU
                         I think so.

                                     OWEN
                         Well, he'd better have those units 
                         in the south range repaired be midday 
                         or there'll be hell to pay!

               EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT WASTELAND - LUKE'S SPEEDER - DAY

               The rock and sand of the desert floor are a blur as Threepio 
               pilots the sleek Landspeeder gracefully across the vast 
               wasteland.

               INT./EXT. LUKE'S SPEEDER - DESERT WASTELAND - TRAVELING - 
               DAY

               Luke leans over the back of the speeder and adjusts something 
               in the motor compartment.

                                     LUKE
                              (yelling)
                         How's that.

               Threepio signals that is fine and Luke turns back into the 
               wind-whipped cockpit and pops the canopy shut.

                                     LUKE
                         Old Ben Kenobi lives out in this 
                         direction somewhere, but I don't see 
                         how that R2 unit could have come 
                         this far. We must have missed him. 
                         Uncle Owen isn't going to take this 
                         very well.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Sir, would it help if you told him 
                         it was my fault.

                                     LUKE
                              (brightening)
                         Sure. He needs you. He'd probably 
                         only deactivate you for a day or 
                         so...

                                     THREEPIO
                         Deactivate! Well, on the other hand 
                         if you hadn't removed his restraining 
                         bolt...

                                     LUKE
                         Wait, there's something dead ahead 
                         on the scanner. It looks like our 
                         droid... hit the accelerator.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK MESA - DUNE SEA - COASTLINE - DAY

               From high on a rock mesa, the tiny Landspeeder can be seen 
               gliding across the desert floor. Suddenly in the foreground 
               two weather-beaten Sandpeople shrouded in their grimy desert 
               cloaks peer over the edge of the rock mesa. One of the 
               marginally human creatures raises a long ominous laser rifle 
               and points it at the speeder but the second creature grabs 
               the gun before it can be fired.

               The Sandpeople, or Tusken Raiders as they're sometimes called, 
               speak in a coarse barbaric language as they get into an 
               animated argument. The second Tusken Raider seems to get in 
               the final word and the nomads scurry over the rocky terrain.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK MESA - CANYON

               The Tusken Raider approaches two large Banthas standing tied 
               to a rock. The monstrous, bear-like creatures are as large 
               as elephants, with huge red eyes, tremendous looped horns, 
               and long, furry, dinosaur-like tails. The Tusken Raiders 
               mount saddles strapped to the huge creatures' shaggy backs 
               and ride off down the rugged bluff.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - FLOOR

               The speeder is parked on the floor of a massive canyon. Luke, 
               with his long laser rifle slung over his shoulder, stands 
               before little Artoo.

                                     LUKE
                         Hey, whoa, just where do you think 
                         you're going?

               The little droid whistles a feeble reply, as Threepio poses 
               menacingly behind the little runaway.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Master Luke here is your rightful 
                         owner. We'll have no more of this 
                         Obi-Wan Kenobi jibberish... and don't 
                         talk to me about your mission, either. 
                         You're fortunate he doesn't blast 
                         you into a million pieces right here.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, come on. It's getting late. I 
                         only hope we can get back before 
                         Uncle Owen really blows up.

                                     THREEPIO
                         If you don't mind my saying so, sir, 
                         I think you should deactivate the 
                         little fugitive until you've gotten 
                         him back to your workshop.

                                     LUKE
                         No, he's not going to try anything.

               Suddenly the little robot jumps to life with a mass of frantic 
               whistles and screams.

                                     LUKE
                         What's wrong with him now?

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh my... sir, he says there are 
                         several creatures approaching from 
                         the southeast.

               Luke swings his rifle into position and looks to the south.

                                     LUKE
                         Sandpeople! Or worst! Come on, let's 
                         have a look. Come on.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - RIDGE - DAY

               Luke carefully makes his way to the top of a rock ridge and 
               scans the canyon with his electrobinoculars. He spots the 
               two riderless Banthas. Threepio struggles up behind the young 
               adventurer.

                                     LUKE
                         There are two Banthas down there but 
                         I don't see any... wait a second, 
                         they're Sandpeople all right. I can 
                         see one of them now.

               Luke watches the distant Tusken Raider through his 
               electrobinoculars. Suddenly something huge moves in front of 
               his field of view. Before Luke or Threepio can react, a large, 
               gruesome Tusken Raider looms over them. Threepio is startled 
               and backs away, right off the side if the cliff. He can be 
               heard for several moments as he clangs, bangs and rattles 
               down the side of the mountain.

               The towering creature brings down his curved, double-pointed 
               gaderffii -- the dreaded axe blade that has struck terror in 
               the heart of the local settlers. But Luke manages to block 
               the blow with his laser rifle, which is smashed to pieces. 
               The terrified farm boy scrambles backward until he is forced 
               to the edge of a deep crevice. The sinister Raider stands 
               over him with his weapon raised and lets out a horrible 
               shrieking laugh.

               EXT. TATOOINE - ROCK CANYON - FLOOR - DAY

               Artoo forces himself into the shadows of a small alcove in 
               the rocks as the vicious Sandpeople walk past carrying the 
               inert Luke Skywalker, who is dropped in a heap before the 
               speeder.  The Sandpeople ransack the speeder, throwing parts 
               and supplies in all directions. Suddenly they stop. Then 
               everything is quiet for a few moments. A great howling moan 
               is heard echoing throughout the canyon which sends the 
               Sandpeople fleeing in terror.

               Artoo moves even tighter into the shadows as the slight 
               swishing sound that frightened off the Sandpeople grows even 
               closer, until a shabby old desert-rat-of-a-man appears and 
               leans over Luke. His ancient leathery face, cracked and 
               weathered by exotic climates is set off by dark, penetrating 
               eyes and a scraggly white beard. Ben Kenobi squints his eyes 
               as he scrutinizes the unconscious farm boy. Artoo makes a 
               slight sound and Ben turns and looks right at him.

                                     BEN
                         Hello there! Come here my little 
                         friend. Don't be afraid.

               Artoo waddles over to were Luke lies crumpled in a heap and 
               begins to whistle and beep his concern. Ben puts his hand on 
               Luke's forehead and he begins to come around.

                                     BEN
                         Don't worry, he'll be all right.

                                     LUKE
                         What happened?

                                     BEN
                         Rest easy, son, you've had a busy 
                         day. You're fortunate you're still 
                         in one piece.

                                     LUKE
                         Ben? Ben Kenobi! Boy, am I glad to 
                         see you!

                                     BEN
                         The Jundland wastes are not to be 
                         traveled lightly. Tell me young Luke, 
                         what brings you out this far?

                                     LUKE
                         Oh, this little droid! I think he's 
                         searching for his former master... 
                         I've never seen such devotion in a 
                         droid before... there seems to be no 
                         stopping him. He claims to be the 
                         property of an Obi-Wan Kenobi. Is he 
                         a relative of yours? Do you know who 
                         he's talking about?

               Ben ponders this for a moment, scratching his scruffy beard.

                                     BEN
                         Obi-Wan Kenobi... Obi-Wan? Now thats 
                         a name I haven't heard in a long 
                         time... a long time.

                                     LUKE
                         I think my uncle knew him. He said 
                         he was dead.

                                     BEN
                         Oh, he's not dead, not... not yet.

                                     LUKE
                         You know him!

                                     BEN
                         Well of course, of course I know 
                         him. He's me! I haven't gone by the 
                         name Obi-Wan since oh, before you 
                         were born.

                                     LUKE
                         Then the droid does belong to you.

                                     BEN
                         Don't seem to remember ever owning a 
                         droid. Very interesting...

               He suddenly looks up at the overhanging cliffs.

                                     BEN
                         I think we better get indoors. The 
                         Sandpeople are easily startled but 
                         they will soon be back and in greater 
                         numbers.

               Luke sits up and rubs his head. Artoo lets out a pathetic 
               beep causing Luke to remember something. He looks around.

                                     LUKE
                         Threepio!

               EXT. TATOOINE - SAND PIT - ROCK MESA - DAY

               Little Artoo stands at the edge of a large sand pit and begins 
               to chatter away in electronic whistles and beeps. Luke and 
               Ben stand over a very dented and tangled Threepio lying half 
               buried in the sand. One of his arms has broken off.

               Luke tries to revive the inert robot by shaking him and then 
               flips a hidden switch on his back several times until finally 
               the mechanical man's systems turn on.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Where am I? I must have taken a bad 
                         step...

                                     LUKE
                         Can you stand? We've got to get out 
                         of here before the Sandpeople return.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I don't think I can make it. You go 
                         on, Master Luke. There's no sense in 
                         you risking yourself on my account. 
                         I'm done for.

               Artoo makes a beeping sound.

                                     LUKE
                         No, you're not. What kind of talk is 
                         that?

               Luke and Ben help the battered robot to his feet. Little 
               Artoo watches from the top of the pit. Ben glances around 
               suspiciously. Sensing something, he stands up and sniffs the 
               air.

                                     BEN
                         Quickly, son... they're on the move.

               INT. KENOBI'S DWELLING

               The small, spartan hovel is cluttered with desert junk but 
               still manages to radiate an air of time-worn comfort and 
               security. Luke is in one corner repairing Threepio's arm, as 
               old Ben sits thinking.

                                     LUKE
                         No, my father didn't fight in the 
                         wars. He was a navigator on a spice 
                         freighter.

                                     BEN
                         That's what your uncle told you. He 
                         didn't hold with your father's ideals. 
                         Thought he should have stayed here 
                         and not gotten involved.

                                     LUKE
                         You fought in the Clone Wars?

                                     BEN
                         Yes, I was once a Jedi Knight the 
                         same as your father.

                                     LUKE
                         I wish I'd known him.

                                     BEN
                         He was the best star-pilot in the 
                         galaxy, and a cunning warrior. I 
                         understand you've become quite a 
                         good pilot yourself. And he was a 
                         good friend. Which reminds me...

               Ben gets up and goes to a chest where he rummages around.  
               As Luke finishes repairing Threepio and starts to fit the 
               restraining bolt back on, Threepio looks at him nervously.  
               Luke thinks about the bolt for a moment then puts it on the 
               table. Ben shuffles up and presents Luke with a short handle 
               with several electronic gadgets attached to it.

                                     BEN
                         I have something here for you. Your 
                         father wanted you to have this when 
                         you were old enough, but your uncle 
                         wouldn't allow it. He feared you 
                         might follow old Obi-Wan on some 
                         damned-fool idealistic crusade like 
                         your father did.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Sir, if you'll not be needing me, 
                         I'll close down for awhile.

                                     LUKE
                         Sure, go ahead.

               Ben hands Luke the saber.

                                     LUKE
                         What is it?

                                     BEN
                         Your fathers lightsaber. This is the 
                         weapon of a Jedi Knight. Not as clumsy 
                         or as random as a blaster.

               Luke pushes a button on the handle. A long beam shoots out 
               about four feet and flickers there. The light plays across 
               the ceiling.

                                     BEN
                         An elegant weapon for a more civilized 
                         time. For over a thousand generations 
                         the Jedi Knights were the guardians 
                         of peace and justice in the Old 
                         Republic. Before the dark times, 
                         before the Empire.

               Luke hasn't really been listening.

                                     LUKE
                         How did my father die?

                                     BEN
                         A young Jedi named Darth Vader, who 
                         was a pupil of mine until he turned 
                         to evil, helped the Empire hunt down 
                         and destroy the Jedi Knights. He 
                         betrayed and murdered your father. 
                         Now the Jedi are all but extinct. 
                         Vader was seduced by the dark side 
                         of the Force.

                                     LUKE
                         The Force?

                                     BEN
                         Well, the Force is what gives a Jedi 
                         his power. It's an energy field 
                         created by all living things. It 
                         surrounds us and penetrates us. It 
                         binds the galaxy together.

               Artoo makes beeping sounds.

                                     BEN
                         Now, let's see if we can't figure 
                         out what you are, my little friend. 
                         And where you come from.

                                     LUKE
                         I saw part of the message he was...

               Luke is cut short as the recorded image of the beautiful 
               young Rebel princess is projected from Artoo's face.

                                     BEN
                         I seem to have found it.

               Luke stops his work as the lovely girl's image flickers before 
               his eyes.

                                     LEIA
                         General Kenobi, years ago you served 
                         my father in the Clone Wars. Now he 
                         begs you to help him in his struggle 
                         against the Empire. I regret that I 
                         am unable to present my father's 
                         request to you in person, but my 
                         ship has fallen under attack and I'm 
                         afraid my mission to bring you to 
                         Alderaan has failed. I have placed 
                         information vital to the survival of 
                         the Rebellion into the memory systems 
                         of this R2 unit. My father will know 
                         how to retrieve it. You must see 
                         this droid safely delivered to him 
                         on Alderaan. This is our most 
                         desperate hour. Help me, Obi-Wan 
                         Kenobi, you're my only hope.

               There is a little static and the transmission is cut short.  
               Old Ben leans back and scratches his head. He silently puffs 
               on a tarnished chrome water pipe. Luke has stars in his eyes.

                                     BEN
                         You must learn the ways of the Force 
                         if you're to come with me to Alderaan.

                                     LUKE
                              (laughing)
                         Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan. 
                         I've got to go home. It's late, I'm 
                         in for it as it is.

                                     BEN
                         I need your help, Luke. She needs 
                         your help. I'm getting too old for 
                         this sort of thing.

                                     LUKE
                         I can't get involved! I've got work 
                         to do! It's not that I like the 
                         Empire. I hate it! But there's nothing 
                         I can do about it right now. It's 
                         such a long way from here.

                                     BEN
                         That's your uncle talking.

                                     LUKE
                              (sighing)
                         Oh, God, my uncle. How am I ever 
                         going to explain this?

                                     BEN
                         Learn about the Force, Luke.

                                     LUKE
                         Look, I can take you as far as 
                         Anchorhead. You can get a transport 
                         there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're 
                         going.

                                     BEN
                         You must do what you feel is right, 
                         of course.

               EXT. SPACE.

               An Imperial Stardestroyer heads toward the evil planet-like 
               battle station: the Death Star!

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM

               Eight Imperial senators and generals sit around a black 
               conference table. Imperial stormtroopers stand guard around 
               the room. Commander Tagge, a young, slimy-looking general, 
               is speaking.

                                     TAGGE
                         Until this battle station is fully 
                         operational we are vulnerable. The 
                         Rebel Alliance is too well equipped. 
                         They're more dangerous than you 
                         realize.

               The bitter Admiral Motti twists nervously in his chair.

                                     MOTTI
                         Dangerous to your starfleet, 
                         Commander, not to this battle station!

                                     TAGGE
                         The Rebellion will continue to gain 
                         a support in the Imperial Senate as 
                         long as....

               Suddenly all heads turn as Commander Tagge's speech is cut 
               short and the Grand Moff Tarkin, governor of the Imperial 
               outland regions, enters. He is followed by his powerful ally, 
               The Sith Lord, Darth Vader. All of the generals stand and 
               bow before the thin, evil-looking governor as he takes his 
               place at the head of the table. The Dark Lord stands behind 
               him.

                                     TARKIN
                         The Imperial Senate will no longer 
                         be of any concern to us. I've just 
                         received word that the Emperor has 
                         dissolved the council permanently. 
                         The last remnants of the Old Republic 
                         have been swept away.

                                     TAGGE
                         That's impossible! How will the 
                         Emperor maintain control without the 
                         bureaucracy?

                                     TARKIN
                         The regional governors now have direct 
                         control over territories. Fear will 
                         keep the local systems in line. Fear 
                         of this battle station.

                                     TAGGE
                         And what of the Rebellion? If the 
                         Rebels have obtained a complete 
                         technical readout of this station, 
                         it is possible, however unlikely, 
                         that they might find a weakness and 
                         exploit it.

                                     VADER
                         The plans you refer to will soon be 
                         back in our hands.

                                     MOTTI
                         Any attack made by the Rebels against 
                         this station would be a useless 
                         gesture, no matter what technical 
                         data they've obtained. This station 
                         is now the ultimate power in the 
                         universe. I suggest we use it!

                                     VADER
                         Don't be too proud of this 
                         technological terror you've 
                         constructed. The ability to destroy 
                         a planet is insignificant next to 
                         the power of the Force.

                                     MOTTI
                         Don't try to frighten us with your 
                         sorcerer's ways, Lord Vader. Your 
                         sad devotion to that ancient religion 
                         has not helped you conjure up the 
                         stolen data tapes, or given you 
                         clairvoyance enough to find the 
                         Rebel's hidden fort...

               Suddenly Motti chokes and starts to turn blue under Vader's 
               spell.

                                     VADER
                         I find your lack of faith disturbing.

                                     TARKIN
                         Enough of this! Vader, release him!

                                     VADER
                         As you wish.

                                     TARKIN
                         This bickering is pointless. Lord 
                         Vader will provide us with the 
                         location of the Rebel fortress by 
                         the time this station is operational. 
                         We will then crush the Rebellion 
                         with one swift stroke.

               EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND

               The speeder stops before what remains of the huge Jawas 
               Sandcrawler. Luke and Ben walk among the smoldering rubble 
               and scattered bodies.

                                     LUKE
                         It looks like Sandpeople did this, 
                         all right. Look, here are Gaffi 
                         sticks, Bantha tracks. It's just... 
                         I never heard of them hitting anything 
                         this big before.

               Ben is crouching in the sand studying the tracks.

                                     BEN
                         They didn't. But we are meant to 
                         think they did. These tracks are 
                         side by side. Sandpeople always ride 
                         single file to hide there numbers.

                                     LUKE
                         These are the same Jawas that sold 
                         us Artoo and Threepio.

                                     BEN
                         And these blast points, too accurate 
                         for Sandpeople. Only Imperial 
                         stormtroopers are so precise.

                                     LUKE
                         Why would Imperial troops want to 
                         slaughter Jawas?

               Luke looks back at the speeder where Artoo and Threepio are 
               inspecting the dead Jawas, and put two and two together.

                                     LUKE
                         If they traced the robots here, they 
                         may have learned who they sold them 
                         to. And that would lead them home!

               Luke reaches a sudden horrible realization, then races for 
               the speeder and jumps it.

                                     BEN
                         Wait, Luke! It's too dangerous.

               Luke races off leaving Ben and the two robots alone with the 
               burning Sandcrawler.

               EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND

               Luke races across the wasteland in his battered Landspeeder.

               EXT. TATOOINE - LARS HOMESTEAD

               The speeder roars up to the burning homestead. Luke jumps 
               out and runs to the smoking holes that were once his home. 
               Debris is scattered everywhere and it looks as if a great 
               battle has taken place.

                                     LUKE
                         Uncle Owen! Aunt Beru! Uncle Owen!

               Luke stumbles around in a daze looking for his aunt and uncle. 
               Suddenly he comes upon their smoldering remains. He is 
               stunned, and cannot speak. Hate replaces fear and a new 
               resolve comes over him.

               EXT. SPACE

               Imperial TIE fighter races toward the Death Star.

               INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION CORRIDOR

               Two stormtroopers open an electronic cell door and allow 
               several Imperial guards to enter. Princess Leia's face is 
               filled with defiance, which slowly gives way to fear as a 
               giant black torture robot enters, followed by Darth Vader.

                                     VADER
                         And, now Your Highness, we will 
                         discuss the location of your hidden 
                         Rebel base.

               The torture robot gives off a steady beeping sound as it 
               approaches Princess Leia and extends one of its mechanical 
               arms bearing a large hypodermic needle. The door slides shut 
               and the long cell block hallway appears peaceful. The muffled 
               screams of the Rebel princess are barely heard.

               EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND

               There is a large bonfire of Jawa bodies blazing in front of 
               the Sandcrawler as Ben and the robots finish burning the 
               dead.  Luke drives up in the speeder and Ben walks over to 
               him.

                                     BEN
                         There's nothing you could have done, 
                         Luke, had you been there. You'd have 
                         been killed, too, and the droids 
                         would be in the hands of the Empire.

                                     LUKE
                         I want to come with you to Alderaan. 
                         There's nothing here for me now. I 
                         want to learn the ways of the Force 
                         and become a Jedi like my father.

               EXT. TATOOINE - WASTELAND

               The Landspeeder with Luke, Artoo, Threepio, and Ben in it 
               zooms across the desert. The speeder stops on a bluff 
               overlooking the spaceport at Mos Eisley. It is a haphazard 
               array of low, grey, concrete structures and semi-domes. A 
               harsh gale blows across the stark canyon floor. Luke adjusts 
               his goggles and walks to the edge of the craggy bluff where 
               Ben is standing.

                                     BEN
                         Mos Eisley Spaceport. You will never 
                         find a more wretched hive of scum 
                         and villainy. We must be cautious.

               Ben looks over at Luke, who gives the old Jedi a determined 
               smile.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET

               The speeder is stopped on a crowded street by several combat-
               hardend stormtroopers who look over the two robots. A Trooper 
               questions Luke.

                                     TROOPER
                         How long have you had these droids?

                                     LUKE
                         About three or four seasons.

                                     BEN
                         They're for sale if you want them.

                                     TROOPER
                         Let me see your identification.

               Luke becomes very nervous as he fumbles to find his ID while 
               Ben speaks to the Trooper in a very controlled voice.

                                     BEN
                         You don't need to see his 
                         identification.

                                     TROOPER
                         We don't need to see his 
                         identification.

                                     BEN
                         These are not the droids your looking 
                         for.

                                     TROOPER
                         These are not the droids we're looking 
                         for.

                                     BEN
                         He can go about his business.

                                     TROOPER
                         You can go about your business.

                                     BEN
                              (to Luke)
                         Move along.

                                     TROOPER
                         Move along. Move along.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET

               The speeder pulls up in front of a rundown blockhouse cantina 
               on the outskirts of the spaceport. Various strange forms of 
               transport, including several unusual beasts of burden, are 
               parked outside the bar. A Jawa runs up and begins to fondle 
               the speeder.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I can't abide these Jawas. Disgusting 
                         creatures.

               As Luke gets out of the speeder he tries to shoo the Jawa 
               away.

                                     LUKE
                         Go on, go on. I can't understand how 
                         we got by those troopers. I thought 
                         we were dead.

                                     BEN
                         The Force can have a strong influence 
                         on the weak-minded. You will find it 
                         a powerful ally.

                                     LUKE
                         Do you really think we're going to 
                         find a pilot here that'll take us to 
                         Alderaan?

                                     BEN
                         Well, most of the best freighter 
                         pilots can be found here. Only watch 
                         your step. This place can be a little 
                         rough.

                                     LUKE
                         I'm ready for anything.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Come along, Artoo.

               INT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - CANTINA

               The young adventurer and his two mechanical servants follow 
               Ben Kenobi into the smoke-filled cantina. The murky, moldy 
               den is filled with a startling array of weird and exotic 
               alien creatures and monsters at the long metallic bar. At 
               first the sight is horrifying. One-eyed, thousand-eyed, slimy, 
               furry, scaly, tentacled, and clawed creatures huddle over 
               drinks. Ben moves to an empty spot at the bar near a group 
               of repulsive but human scum. A huge, rough-looking Bartender 
               stops Luke and the robots.

                                     BARTENDER
                         We don't serve their kind here!

               Luke still recovering from the shock of seeing so many 
               outlandish creatures, doesn't quite catch the bartender's 
               drift.

                                     LUKE
                         What?

                                     BARTENDER
                         Your droids. They'll have to wait 
                         outside. We don't want them here.

               Luke looks at old Ben, who is busy talking to one of the 
               Galactic pirates. He notices several of the gruesome creatures 
               along the bar are giving him a very unfriendly glare.

               Luke pats Threepio on the shoulder.

                                     LUKE
                         Listen, why don't you wait out by 
                         the speeder. We don't want any 
                         trouble.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I heartily agree with you sir.

               Threepio and his stubby partner go outside and most of the 
               creatures at the bar go back to their drinks.

               Ben is standing next to Chewbacca, an eight-foot-tall savage-
               looking creature resembling a huge grey bushbaby monkey with 
               fierce baboon-like fangs. His large blue eyes dominate a fur-
               covered face and soften his otherwise awesome appearance.  
               Over his matted, furry body he wears two chrome bandoliers, 
               and little else. He is a two-hundred-year-old Wookiee and a 
               sight to behold.

               Ben speaks to the Wookiee, pointing to Luke several times 
               during his conversation and the huge creature suddenly lets 
               out a horrifying laugh. Luke is more than a little bit 
               disconcerted and pretends not to hear the conversation between 
               Ben and the giant Wookiee.

               Luke is terrified but tries not to show it. He quietly sips 
               his drink, looking over the crowd for a more sympathetic ear 
               or whatever.

               A large, multiple-eyed Creature gives Luke a rough shove.

                                     CREATURE
                         Negola dewaghi wooldugger?!?

               The hideous freak is obviously drunk. Luke tries to ignore 
               the creature and turns back on his drink. A short, grubby 
               Human and an even smaller rodent-like beast join the 
               belligerent monstrosity.

                                     HUMAN
                         He doesn't like you.

                                     LUKE
                         I'm sorry.

                                     HUMAN
                         I don't like you either.

               The big creature is getting agitated and yells out some 
               unintelligible gibberish at the now rather nervous, young 
               adventurer.

                                     HUMAN
                         Don't insult us. You just watch 
                         yourself. We're wanted men. I have 
                         the death sentence in twelve systems.

                                     LUKE
                         I'll be careful than.

                                     HUMAN
                         You'll be dead.

               The rodent lets out a loud grunt and everything at the bar 
               moves away. Luke tries to remain cool but it isn't easy. His 
               three adversaries ready their weapons. Old Ben moves in behind 
               Luke.

                                     BEN
                         This little one isn't worth the 
                         effort. Come let me buy you 
                         something...

               A powerful blow from the unpleasant creature sends the young 
               would-be Jedi sailing across the room, crashing through tables 
               and breaking a large jug filled with a foul-looking liquid. 
               With a blood curdling shriek, the monster draws a wicked 
               chrome laser pistol from his belt and levels it at old Ben. 
               The bartender panics.

                                     BARTENDER
                         No blasters! No blaster!

               With astounding agility old Ben's laser sword sparks to life 
               and in a flash an arm lies on the floor. The rodent is cut 
               in two and the giant multiple-eyed creature lies doubled, 
               cut from chin to groin. Ben carefully and precisely turns 
               off his laser sword and replaces it on his utility belt. 
               Luke, shaking and totally amazed at the old man's abilities, 
               attempts to stand. The entire fight has lasted only a matter 
               of seconds. The cantina goes back to normal, although Ben is 
               given a respectable amount of room at the bar. Luke, rubbing 
               his bruised head, approaches the old man with new awe. Ben 
               points the the Wookiee.

                                     BEN
                         This is Chewbacca. He's first-mate 
                         on a ship that might suit our needs.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET

               Threepio paces in front of the cantina as Artoo carries on 
               an electronic conversation with another little red astro-
               droid. A creature comes out of the cantina and approaches 
               two stormtroopers in the street.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I don't like the look of this.

               INT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - CANTINA

               Strange creatures play exotic big band music on odd-looking 
               instruments as Luke, still giddy, downs a fresh drink and 
               follows Ben and Chewbacca to a booth where Han Solo is 
               sitting. Han is a tough, roguish starpilot about thirty years 
               old. A mercenary on a starship, he is simple, sentimental, 
               and cocksure.

                                     HAN
                         Han Solo. I'm captain of the 
                         Millennium Falcon. Chewie here tells 
                         me you're looking for passage to the 
                         Alderaan system.

                                     BEN
                         Yes, indeed. If it's a fast ship.

                                     HAN
                         Fast ship? You've never heard of the 
                         Millennium Falcon?

                                     BEN
                         Should I have?

                                     HAN
                         It's the ship that made the Kessel 
                         run in less than twelve parsecs!

               Ben reacts to Solo's stupid attempt to impress them with 
               obvious misinformation.

                                     HAN
                         I've outrun Imperial starships, not 
                         the local bulk-cruisers, mind you. 
                         I'm talking about the big Corellian 
                         ships now. She's fast enough for 
                         you, old man. What's the cargo?

                                     BEN
                         Only passengers. Myself, the boy, 
                         two droids, and no questions asked.

                                     HAN
                         What is it? Some kind of local 
                         trouble?

                                     BEN
                         Let's just say we'd like to avoid 
                         any Imperial entanglements.

                                     HAN
                         Well, that's the trick, isn't it? 
                         And it's going to cost you something 
                         extra. Ten thousand in advance.

                                     LUKE
                         Ten thousand? We could almost buy 
                         our own ship for that!

                                     HAN
                         But who's going to fly it, kid! You?

                                     LUKE
                         You bet I could. I'm not such a bad 
                         pilot myself! We don't have to sit 
                         here and listen...

                                     BEN
                         We haven't that much with us. But we 
                         could pay you two thousand now, plus 
                         fifteen when we reach Alderaan.

                                     HAN
                         Seventeen, huh!

               Han ponders this for a few moments.

                                     HAN
                         Okay. You guys got yourself a ship. 
                         We'll leave as soon as you're ready. 
                         Docking bay Ninety-four.

                                     BEN
                         Ninety-four.

                                     HAN
                         Looks like somebody's beginning to 
                         take an interest in your handiwork.

               Ben and Luke turn around to see four Imperial stormtroopers 
               looking at the dead bodies and asking the bartenders some 
               questions. The bartender points to the booth.

                                     TROOPER
                         All right, we'll check it out.

               The stormtroopers look over at the booth but Luke and Ben 
               are gone. The bartender shrugs his shoulders in puzzlement.

                                     HAN
                         Seventeen thousand! Those guys must 
                         really be desperate. This could really 
                         save my neck. Get back to the ship 
                         and get her ready.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET

                                     BEN
                         You'll have to sell your speeder.

                                     LUKE
                         That's okay. I'm never coming back 
                         to this planet again.

               INT. MOS EISLEY - CANTINA

               As Han is about to leave, Greedo, a slimy green-faced alien 
               with a short trunk-nose, pokes a gun in his side. The creature 
               speaks in a foreign tongue translated into English subtitles.

                                     GREEDO
                         Going somewhere, Solo?

                                     HAN
                         Yes, Greedo. As a matter of fact, I 
                         was just going to see your boss. 
                         Tell Jabba that I've got his money.

               Han sits down and the alien sits across from him holding the 
               gun on him.

                                     GREEDO
                         It's too late. You should have paid 
                         him when you had the chance. Jabba's 
                         put a price on your head, so large 
                         that every bounty hunter in the galaxy 
                         will be looking for you. I'm lucky I 
                         found you first.

                                     HAN
                         Yeah, but this time I got the money.

                                     GREEDO
                         If you give it to me, I might forget 
                         I found you.

                                     HAN
                         I don't have it with me. Tell Jabba...

                                     GREEDO
                         Jabba's through with you. He has no 
                         time for smugglers who drop their 
                         shipments at the first sign of an 
                         Imperial cruiser.

                                     HAN
                         Even I get boarded sometimes. Do you 
                         think I had a choice?

               Han Solo slowly reaches for his gun under the table.

                                     GREEDO
                         You can tell that to Jabba. He may 
                         only take your ship.

                                     HAN
                         Over my dead body.

                                     GREEDO
                         That's the idea. I've been looking 
                         forward to killing you for a long 
                         time.

                                     HAN
                         Yes, I'll bet you have.

               Suddenly the slimy alien disappears in a blinding flash of 
               light. Han pulls his smoking gun from beneath the table as 
               the other patron look on in bemused amazement. Han gets up 
               and starts out of the cantina, flipping the bartender some 
               coins as he leaves.

                                     HAN
                         Sorry about the mess.

               EXT. SPACE

               Several TIE fighters approach the Death Star.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

                                     VADER
                         Her resistance to the mind probe is 
                         considerable. It will be some time 
                         before we can extract any information 
                         from her.

               An Imperial Officer interrupts the meeting.

                                     IMPERIAL OFFICER
                         The final check-out is complete. All 
                         systems are operational. What course 
                         shall we set?

                                     TARKIN
                         Perhaps she would respond to an 
                         alternative form of persuasion.

                                     VADER
                         What do you mean?

                                     TARKIN
                         I think it is time we demonstrate 
                         the full power of this station.
                              (to soldier)
                         Set your course for Princess Leia's 
                         home planet of Alderaan.

                                     TROOPER
                         With pleasure.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET

               Four heavily-armed stormtroopers move menacingly along a 
               narrow slum alleyway crowed with darkly clad creatures hawking 
               exotic goods in the dingy little stalls. Men, monsters, and 
               robots crouch in the waste-filled doorways, whispering and 
               hiding from the hot winds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Lock the door, Artoo.

               One of the troopers checks a tightly locked door and moves 
               on down the alleyway. The door slides open a crack and 
               Threepio peeks out. Artoo is barely visible in the background.

                                     TROOPER
                         All right, check that side of the 
                         street. It's secure. Move on to the 
                         next door.

               The door opens, Threepio moves into the doorway.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I would much rather have gone with 
                         Master Luke than stay here with you. 
                         I don't know what all the trouble is 
                         about, but I'm sure it must be your 
                         fault.

               Artoo makes beeping sounds.

                                     THREEPIO
                         You watch your language!

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET - ALLEYWAY - USED 
               SPEEDER LOT

               Ben and Luke are standing in a sleazy used speeder lot, 
               talking with a tall, grotesque, insect-like used speeder 
               dealer. Strange exotic bodies and spindly-legged beasts pass 
               by as the insect concludes the sale by giving Luke some coins.

                                     LUKE
                         He says it's the best he can do. 
                         Since the XP-38 came out, they're 
                         just not in demand.

                                     BEN
                         It will be enough.

               Ben and Luke leave the speeder lot and walk down the dusty 
               alleyway past a small robot herding a bunch of anteater-like 
               creatures. Luke turns and gives one last forlorn look at his 
               faithful speeder as he rounds a corner. A darkly clad creature 
               moves out of the shadows as they pass and watches them as 
               they disappear down another alley.

                                     BEN
                         If the ship's as fast as he's 
                         boasting, we ought to do well.

               INT. DOCKING BAY 94 - DAY

               Jabba the Hut and a half-dozen grisly alien pirates and purple 
               creatures stand in the middle of the docking bay. Jabba is 
               the grossest of the slavering hulks and his scarred face is 
               a grim testimonial to his prowess as a vicious killer. He is 
               a fat, slug-like creature with eyes on extended feelers and 
               a huge ugly mouth.

                                     JABBA
                         Come on out, Solo!

               A voice from directly behind the pirates startles them and 
               they turn around to see Han Solo and the giant Wookiee, 
               Chewbacca, standing behind them with no weapons in sight.

                                     HAN
                         I've been waiting for you, Jabba.

                                     JABBA
                         I expected you would be.

                                     HAN
                         I'm not the type to run.

                                     JABBA
                              (fatherly-smooth)
                         Han, my boy, there are times when 
                         you disappoint me... why haven't you 
                         paid me? And why did you have to fry 
                         poor Greedo like that... after all 
                         we've been through together.

                                     HAN
                         You sent Greedo to blast me.

                                     JABBA
                              (mock surprise)
                         Han, why you're the best smuggler in 
                         the business. You're too valuable to 
                         fry. He was only relaying my concern 
                         at your delays. He wasn't going to 
                         blast you.

                                     HAN
                         I think he thought he was. Next time 
                         don't send one of those twerps. If 
                         you've got something to say to me, 
                         come see me yourself.

                                     JABBA
                         Han, Han! If only you hadn't had to 
                         dump that shipment of spice... you 
                         understand I just can't make an 
                         exception. Where would I be if every 
                         pilot who smuggled for me dumped 
                         their shipment at the first sign of 
                         an Imperial starship? It's not good 
                         business.

                                     HAN
                         You know, even I get boarded 
                         sometimes, Jabba. I had no choice, 
                         but I've got a charter now and I can 
                         pay you back, plus a little extra. I 
                         just need some more time.

                                     JABBA
                              (to his men)
                         Put your blasters away. Han, my boy, 
                         I'm only doing this because you're 
                         the best and I need you. So, for an 
                         extra, say twenty percent I'll give 
                         you a little more time... but this 
                         is it. If you disappoint me again, 
                         I'll put a price on your head so 
                         large you won't be able to go near a 
                         civilized system for the rest of 
                         your short life.

                                     HAN
                         Jabba, I'll pay you because it's my 
                         pleasure.

               EXT. DOCKING PORT ENTRY - ALLEYWAY

               Chewbacca waits restlessly at the entrance to Docking Bay 
               94.  Ben, Luke, and the robots make their way up the street.  
               Chewbacca jabbers excitedly and signals for them to hurry. 
               The darkly clad creature has followed them from the speeder 
               lot.  He stops in a nearby doorway and speaks into a small 
               transmitter.

               INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94

               Chewbacca leads the group into a giant dirt pit that is 
               Docking Bay 94. Resting in the middle of the huge hole is a 
               large, round, beat-up, pieced-together hunk of junk that 
               could only loosely be called a starship.

                                     LUKE
                         What a piece of junk.

               The tall figure of Han Solo comes down the boarding ramp.

                                     HAN
                         She'll make point five beyond the 
                         speed of light. She may not look 
                         like much, but she's got it where it 
                         counts, kid. I've added some special 
                         modifications myself.

               Luke scratches his head. It's obvious he isn't sure about 
               all this. Chewbacca rushes up the ramp and urges the others 
               to follow.

                                     HAN
                         We're a little rushed, so if you'll 
                         hurry aboard we'll get out of here.

               The group rushes up the gang plank, passing a grinning Han 
               Solo.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON

               Chewbacca settles into the pilot's chair and starts the mighty 
               engines of the starship.

               INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94

               Luke, Ben, Threepio, and Artoo move toward the Millennium 
               Falcon passing Solo.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Hello, sir.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREET

               Eight Imperial stormtroopers rush up to the darkly clad 
               creature.

                                     TROOPER
                         Which way?

               The darkly clad creature points to the door of the docking 
               bay.

                                     TROOPER
                         All right, men. Load your weapons!

               INT. MOS EISLEY SPACEPORT - DOCKING BAY 94]

               The troops hold their guns at the ready and charge down the 
               docking bay entrance.

                                     TROOPER
                         Stop that ship!

               Han Solo looks up and sees the Imperial stormtroopers rushing 
               into the docking bay. Several of the troopers fire at Han as 
               he ducks into the spaceship.

                                     TROOPER
                         Blast 'em!

               Han draws his laser pistol and pops off a couple of shots 
               which force the stormtroopers to dive for safety. The 
               pirateship engines whine as Han hits the release button that 
               slams the overhead entry shut.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON

                                     HAN
                         Chewie, get us out of here!

               The group straps in for take off.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh, my. I'd forgotten how much I 
                         hate space travel.

               EXT. TATOOINE - MOS EISLEY - STREETS

               The half-dozen stormtroopers at a check point hear the general 
               alarm and look to the sky as the huge starship rises above 
               the dingy slum dwellings and quickly disappears into the 
               morning sky.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Han climbs into the pilot's chair next to Chewbacca, who 
               chatters away as he points to something on the radar scope.

               EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINE

               The Corellian pirateship zooms from Tatooine into space.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Han frantically types information into the ship's computer.  
               Little Artoo appears momentarily at the cockpit doorway, 
               makes a few beeping remarks, then scurries away.

                                     HAN
                         It looks like an Imperial cruiser. 
                         Our passengers must be hotter than I 
                         thought. Try and hold them off. Angle 
                         the deflector shield while I make 
                         the calculations for the jump to 
                         light speed.

               EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINE

               The Millennium Falcon pirateship races away from the yellow 
               planet, Tatooine. It is followed by two huge Imperial 
               stardestroyers.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Over the shoulders of Chewbacca and Han, we can see the galaxy 
               spread before them. Luke and Ben make their way into the 
               cramped cockpit where Han continues his calculation.

                                     HAN
                         Stay sharp! There are two more coming 
                         in; they're going to try to cut us 
                         off.

                                     LUKE
                         Why don't you outrun them? I thought 
                         you said this thing was fast.

                                     HAN
                         Watch your mouth, kid, or you're 
                         going to find yourself floating home. 
                         We'll be safe enough once we make 
                         the jump to hyperspace. Besides, I 
                         know a few maneuvers. We'll lose 
                         them!

               EXT. SPACE - PLANET TATOOINE

               Imperial cruisers fire at the pirateship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               The ship shudders as an explosion flashes outside the window.

                                     HAN
                         Here's where the fun begins!

                                     BEN
                         How long before you can make the 
                         jump to light speed?

                                     HAN
                         It'll take a few moments to get the 
                         coordinates from the navi-computer.

               The ship begins to rock violently as lasers hit it.

                                     LUKE
                         Are you kidding? At the rate they're 
                         gaining...

                                     HAN
                         Traveling through hyperspace isn't 
                         like dusting crops, boy! Without 
                         precise calculations we could fly 
                         right through a star or bounce too 
                         close to a supernova and that'd end 
                         your trip real quick, wouldn't it?

               The ship is now constantly battered with laserfire as a red 
               warning light begins to flash.

                                     LUKE
                         What's that flashing?

                                     HAN
                         We're losing our deflector shield. 
                         Go strap yourself in, I'm going to 
                         make the jump to light speed.

               The galaxy brightens and they move faster, almost as if 
               crashing a barrier. Stars become streaks as the pirateship 
               makes the jump to hyperspace.

               EXT. SPACE

               The Millennium Falcon zooms into infinity in less than a 
               second.

               EXT. DEATH STAR

               Alderaan looms behind the Death Star battlestation.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

               Admiral Motti enters the quiet control room and bows before 
               Governor Tarkin, who stands before the huge wall screen 
               displaying a small green planet.

                                     MOTTI
                         We've entered the Alderaan system.

               Vader and two stormtroopers enter with Princess Leia. Her 
               hands are bound.

                                     LEIA
                         Governor Tarkin, I should have 
                         expected to find you holding Vader's 
                         leash. I recognized your foul stench 
                         when I was brought on board.

                                     TARKIN
                         Charming to the last. You don't know 
                         how hard I found it signing the order 
                         to terminate your life!

                                     LEIA
                         I surprised you had the courage to 
                         take the responsibility yourself!

                                     TARKIN
                         Princess Leia, before your execution 
                         I would like you to be my guest at a 
                         ceremony that will make this battle 
                         station operational. No star system 
                         will dare oppose the Emperor now.

                                     LEIA
                         The more you tighten your grip, 
                         Tarkin, the more star systems will 
                         slip through your fingers.

                                     TARKIN
                         Not after we demonstrate the power 
                         of this station. In a way, you have 
                         determined the choice of the planet 
                         that'll be destroyed first. Since 
                         you are reluctant to provide us with 
                         the location of the Rebel base, I 
                         have chosen to test this station's 
                         destructive power... on your home 
                         planet of Alderaan.

                                     LEIA
                         No! Alderaan is peaceful. We have no 
                         weapons. You can't possibly...

                                     TARKIN
                         You would prefer another target? A 
                         military target? Then name the system!

               Tarkin waves menacingly toward Leia.

                                     TARKIN
                         I grow tired of asking this. So it'll 
                         be the last time. Where is the Rebel 
                         base?

               Leia overhears an intercom voice announcing the approach to 
               Alderaan.

                                     LEIA
                              (softly)
                         Dantooine.

               Leia lowers her head.

                                     LEIA
                         They're on Dantooine.

                                     TARKIN
                         There. You see Lord Vader, she can 
                         be reasonable.
                              (addressing Motti)
                         Continue with the operation. You may 
                         fire when ready.

                                     LEIA
                         What?

                                     TARKIN
                         You're far too trusting. Dantooine 
                         is too remote to make an effective 
                         demonstration. But don't worry. We 
                         will deal with your Rebel friends 
                         soon enough.

                                     LEIA
                         No!

               INT. DEATH STAR - BLAST CHAMBER

                                     VADER
                         Commence primary ignition.

               A button is pressed which switches on a panel of lights. A 
               hooded Imperial soldier reaches overhead and pulls a lever.  
               Another lever is pulled. Vader reaches for still another 
               lever and a bank of lights on a panel and wall light up. A 
               huge beam of light emanates from within a cone-shaped area 
               and converges into a single laser beam out toward Alderaan. 
               The small green planet of Alderaan is blown into space dust.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREA

               Ben watches Luke practice the lightsaber with a small "seeker" 
               robot. Ben suddenly turns away and sits down. He falters, 
               seems almost faint.

                                     LUKE
                         Are you all right? What's wrong?

                                     BEN
                         I felt a great disturbance in the 
                         Force... as if millions of voices 
                         suddenly cried out in terror and 
                         were suddenly silenced. I fear 
                         something terrible has happened.

               Ben rubs his forehead. He seems to drift into a trance. Then 
               he fixes his gaze on Luke.

                                     BEN
                         You'd better get on with your 
                         exercises.

               Han Solo enters the room.

                                     HAN
                         Well, you can forget your troubles 
                         with those Imperial slugs. I told 
                         you I'd outrun 'em.

               Luke is once again practicing with the lightsaber.

                                     HAN
                         Don't everyone thank me at once.

               Threepio watches Chewbacca and Artoo who are engrossed in a 
               game in which three-dimensional holographic figures move 
               along a chess-type board.

                                     HAN
                         Anyway, we should be at Alderaan 
                         about oh-two-hundred hours.

               Chewbacca and the two robots sit around the lighted table 
               covered with small holographic monsters. Each side of the 
               table has a small computer monitor embedded in it. Chewbacca 
               seems very pleased with himself as he rests his lanky fur- 
               covered arms over his head.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Now be careful, Artoo.

               Artoo immediately reaches up and taps the computer with his 
               stubby claw hand, causing one of the holographic creatures 
               to walk to the new square. A sudden frown crosses Chewbacca's 
               face and he begins yelling gibberish at the tiny robot. 
               Threepio intercedes on behalf of his small companion and 
               begins to argue with the huge Wookiee.

                                     THREEPIO
                         He made a fair move. Screaming about 
                         it won't help you.

                                     HAN
                              (interrupting)
                         Let him have it. It's not wise to 
                         upset a Wookiee.

                                     THREEPIO
                         But sir, nobody worries about 
                         upsetting a droid.

                                     HAN
                         That's 'cause droids don't pull 
                         people's arms out of their socket 
                         when they lose. Wookiees are known 
                         to do that.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I see your point, sir. I suggest a 
                         new strategy, Artoo. Let the Wookiee 
                         win.

               Luke stands in the middle of the small hold area; he seems 
               frozen in place. A humming lightsaber is held high over his 
               head. Ben watches him from the corner, studying his movements.  
               Han watches with a bit of smugness.

                                     BEN
                         Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force 
                         flowing through him.

                                     LUKE
                         You mean it controls your actions?

                                     BEN
                         Partially. But it also obeys your 
                         commands.

               Suspended at eye level, about ten feet in front of Luke, a 
               "seeker", a chrome baseball-like robot covered with antennae, 
               hovers slowly in a wide arc. The ball floats to one side of 
               the youth then the other. Suddenly it makes a lightning-swift 
               lunge and stops within a few feet of Luke's face. Luke doesn't 
               move and the ball backs off. It slowly moves behind the boy, 
               then makes another quick lunge, this time emitting a blood 
               red laser beam as it attacks. It hits Luke in the leg causing 
               him to tumble over. Han lets loose with a burst of laughter.

                                     HAN
                         Hokey religions and ancient weapons 
                         are no match for a good blaster at 
                         your side, kid.

                                     LUKE
                         You don't believe in the Force, do 
                         you?

                                     HAN
                         Kid, I've flown from one side of 
                         this galaxy to the other. I've seen 
                         a lot of strange stuff, but I've 
                         never seen anything to make me believe 
                         there's one all-powerful force 
                         controlling everything. There's no 
                         mystical energy field that controls 
                         my destiny.

               Ben smiles quietly.

                                     HAN
                         It's all a lot of simple tricks and 
                         nonsense.

                                     BEN
                         I suggest you try it again, Luke.

               Ben places a large helmet on Luke's head which covers his 
               eyes.

                                     BEN
                         This time, let go your conscious 
                         self and act on instinct.

                                     LUKE
                              (laughing)
                         With the blast shield down, I can't 
                         even see. How am I supposed to fight?

                                     BEN
                         Your eyes can deceive you. Don't 
                         trust them.

               Han skeptically shakes his head as Ben throws the seeker 
               into the air. The ball shoots straight up in the air, then 
               drops like a rock. Luke swings the lightsaber around blindly 
               missing the seeker, which fires off a laserbolt which hits 
               Luke square on the seat of the pants. He lets out a painful 
               yell and attempts to hit the seeker.

                                     BEN
                         Stretch out with your feelings.

               Luke stands in one place, seemingly frozen. The seeker makes 
               a dive at Luke and, incredibly, he managed to deflect the 
               bolt. The ball ceases fire and moves back to its original 
               position.

                                     BEN
                         You see, you can do it.

                                     HAN
                         I call it luck.

                                     BEN
                         In my experience, there's no such 
                         thing as luck.

                                     HAN
                         Look, going good against remotes is 
                         one thing. Going good against the 
                         living? That's something else.

               Solo notices a small light flashing on the far side of the 
               control panel.

                                     HAN
                         Looks like we're coming up on 
                         Alderaan.

               Han and Chewbacca head back to the cockpit.

                                     LUKE
                         You know, I did feel something. I 
                         could almost see the remote.

                                     BEN
                         That's good. You have taken your 
                         first step into a larger world.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM

               Imperial Officer Cass stands before Governor Tarkin and the 
               evil Dark Lord Darth Vader.

                                     TARKIN
                         Yes.

                                     OFFICER CASS
                         Our scout ships have reached 
                         Dantooine. They found the remains of 
                         a Rebel base, but they estimate that 
                         it has been deserted for some time. 
                         They are now conducting an extensive 
                         search of the surrounding systems.

                                     TARKIN
                         She lied! She lied to us!

                                     VADER
                         I told you she would never consciously 
                         betray the Rebellion.

                                     TARKIN
                         Terminate her... immediately!

               EXT. HYPERSPACE

               The pirateship is just coming out of hyperspace; a strange 
               surreal light show surrounds the ship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

                                     HAN
                         Stand by, Chewie, here we go. Cut in 
                         the sublight engines.

               Han pulls back on a control lever. Outside the cockpit window 
               stars begin streaking past, seem to decrease in speed, then 
               stop. Suddenly the starship begins to shudder and violently 
               shake about. Asteroids begin to race toward them, battering 
               the sides of the ship.

                                     HAN
                         What the...? Aw, we've come out of 
                         hyperspace into a meteor shower. 
                         Some kind of asteroid collision. 
                         It's not on any of the charts.

               The Wookiee flips off several controls and seems very cool 
               in the emergency. Luke makes his way into the bouncing 
               cockpit.

                                     LUKE
                         What's going on?

                                     HAN
                         Our position is correct, except... 
                         no, Alderaan!

                                     LUKE
                         What do you mean? Where is it?

                                     HAN
                         Thats what I'm trying to tell you, 
                         kid. It ain't there. It's been totally 
                         blown away.

                                     LUKE
                         What? How?

               Ben moves into the cockpit behind Luke as the ship begins to 
               settle down.

                                     BEN
                         Destroyed... by the Empire!

                                     HAN
                         The entire starfleet couldn't destroy 
                         the whole planet. It'd take a thousand 
                         ships with more fire power than 
                         I've...

               A signal starts flashing on the control panel and a muffled 
               alarm starts humming.

                                     HAN
                         There's another ship coming in.

                                     LUKE
                         Maybe they know what happened.

                                     BEN
                         It's an Imperial fighter.

               Chewbacca barks his concern. A huge explosion bursts outside 
               the cockpit window, shaking the ship violently. A tiny, finned 
               Imperial TIE fighter races past the cockpit window.

                                     LUKE
                         It followed us!

                                     BEN
                         No. It's a short range fighter.

                                     HAN
                         There aren't any bases around here. 
                         Where did it come from?

               EXT. SPACE

               The fighter races past the Corellian pirateship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

                                     LUKE
                         It sure is leaving in a big hurry. 
                         If they identify us, we're in big 
                         trouble.

                                     HAN
                         Not if I can help it. Chewie...jam 
                         it's transmissions.

                                     BEN
                         It'd be as well to let it go. It's 
                         too far out of range.

                                     HAN
                         Not for long...

               EXT. SPACE

               The pirateship zooms over the camera and away into the 
               vastness of space after the Imperial TIE fighter.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               The tension mounts as the pirateship gains on the tiny 
               fighter. In the distance, one of the stars becomes brighter 
               until it is obvious that the TIE ship is heading for it. Ben 
               stands behind Chewbacca.

                                     BEN
                         A fighter that size couldn't get 
                         this deep into space on its own.

                                     LUKE
                         It must have gotten lost, been part 
                         of a convoy or something.

                                     HAN
                         Well, he ain't going to be around 
                         long enough to tell anyone about us.

               EXT. SPACE

               The TIE fighter is losing ground to the larger pirateship as 
               they race toward camera and disappear over head.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               The distant star can be distinguished as a small moon or 
               planet.

                                     LUKE
                         Look at him. He's headed for that 
                         small moon.

                                     HAN
                         I think I can get him before he gets 
                         there... he's almost in range.

               The small moon begins to take on the appearance of a monstrous 
               spherical battle station.

                                     BEN
                         That's no moon! It's a space station.

                                     HAN
                         It's too big to be a space station.

                                     LUKE
                         I have a very bad feeling about this.

                                     HAN
                         Yeah, I think your right. Full 
                         reverse! Chewie, lock in the auxiliary 
                         power.

               The pirateship shudders and the TIE fighter accelerates away 
               toward the gargantuan battle station.

                                     LUKE
                         Why are we still moving towards it?

                                     HAN
                         We're caught in a tractor beam! It's 
                         pulling us in!

                                     LUKE
                         But there's gotta be something you 
                         can do!

                                     HAN
                         There's nothin' I can do about it, 
                         kid. I'm in full power. I'm going to 
                         have to shut down. But they're not 
                         going to get me without a fight!

               Ben Kenobi puts a hand on his shoulder.

                                     BEN
                         You can't win. But there are 
                         alternatives to fighting.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - DEATH STAR

               As the battered pirate starship is towed closer to the awesome 
               metal moon, the immense size of the massive battle station 
               becomes staggering. Running along the equator of the gigantic 
               sphere is a mile-high band of huge docking ports into which 
               the helpless pirateship is dragged.

               EXT. DEATH STAR - HUGE PORT DOORS

               The helpless Millennium Falcon is pulled past a docking port 
               control room and huge laser turret cannons.

               VOICE OVER DEATH STAR INTERCOM

               Clear Bay twenty-three-seven. We are opening the magnetic 
               field.

               INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY 2037

               The pirateship is pulled in through port doors of the Death 
               Star, coming to rest in a huge hangar. Thirty stormtroopers 
               stand at attention in a central assembly area.

                                     OFFICER
                         To you stations!
                              (to another officer)
                         Come with me.

               INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY

               Stormtroopers run to their posts.

               INT. DEATH STAR - HANGAR 2037

               A line of stormtroopers march toward the pirateship in 
               readiness to board it, while other troopers stand with weapons 
               ready to fire.

                                     OFFICER
                         Close all outboard shields! Close 
                         all outboard shields!

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM

               Tarkin pushes a button and responds to the intercom buzz.

                                     TARKIN
                         Yes.

                                     VOICE
                              (over intercom)
                         We've captured a freighter entering 
                         the remains of the Alderaan system. 
                         It's markings match those of a ship 
                         that blasted its way out of Mos 
                         Eisley.

                                     VADER
                         They must be trying to return the 
                         stolen plans to the princess. She 
                         may yet be of some use to us.

               INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY 2037

               Vader and a commander approach the troops as an Officer and 
               several heavily armed troops exit the spacecraft.

                                     VOICE
                              (over intercom)
                         Unlock one-five-seven and nine. 
                         Release charges.

                                     OFFICER
                              (to Vader)
                         There's no one on board, sir. 
                         According to the log, the crew 
                         abandoned ship right after takeoff. 
                         It must be a decoy, sir. Several of 
                         the escape pods have been jettisoned.

                                     VADER
                         Did you find any droids?

                                     OFFICER
                         No, sir. If there were any on board, 
                         they must also have jettisoned.

                                     VADER
                         Send a scanning crew on board. I 
                         want every part of this ship checked.

                                     OFFICER
                         Yes, sir.

                                     VADER
                         I sense something... a presence I 
                         haven't felt since...

               Vader turns quickly and exits the hangar.

                                     OFFICER
                         Get me a scanning crew in here on 
                         the double. I want every part of 
                         this ship checked!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HALLWAY

               A trooper runs through the hallway heading for the exit. In 
               a few moments all is quiet. The muffled sounds of a distant 
               officer giving orders finally fade. Two floor panels suddenly 
               pop up revealing Han Solo and Luke. Ben Kenobi sticks his 
               head out of a third locker.

                                     LUKE
                         Boy, it's lucky you had these 
                         compartments.

                                     HAN
                         I use them for smuggling. I never 
                         thought I'd be smuggling myself in 
                         them. This is ridiculous. Even if I 
                         could take off, I'd never get past 
                         the tractor beam.

                                     BEN
                         Leave that to me!

                                     HAN
                         Damn fool. I knew that you were going 
                         to say that!

                                     BEN
                         Who's the more foolish... the fool 
                         or the fool who follows him?

               Han shakes his head, muttering to himself. Chewbacca agrees.

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY

               The crewmen carry a heavy box on board the ship, past the 
               two stormtroopers guarding either side of the ramp.

                                     TROOPER
                         The ship's all yours. If the scanners 
                         pick up anything, report it 
                         immediately. All right, let's go.

               The crewmen enter the pirateship and a loud crashing sound 
               is followed by a voice calling to the guard below.

                                     HAN'S VOICE
                         Hey down there, could you give us a 
                         hand with this?

               The stormtroopers enter the ship and a quick round of gunfire 
               is heard.

               INT. DEATH STAR - FORWARD BAY - COMMAND OFFICE

               In a very small command office near the entrance to the 
               pirateship, a Gantry Officer looks out his window and notices 
               the guards are missing. He speaks into the comlink.

                                     GANTRY OFFICER
                         TX-four-one-two. Why aren't you at 
                         your post? TX-four-one-two, do you 
                         copy?

               A stormtrooper comes down the ramp of the pirateship and 
               waves to the gantry officer, pointing to his ear indicating 
               his comlink is not working. The gantry officer shakes his 
               head in disgust and heads for the door, giving his aide an 
               annoyed look.

                                     GANTRY OFFICER
                         Take over. We've got a bad 
                         transmitter. I'll see what I can do.

               As the officer approaches the door, it slides open revealing 
               the towering Chewbacca. The gantry officer, in a momentary 
               state of shock, stumbles backward. With a bone- chilling 
               howl, the giant Wookiee flattens the officer with one blow. 
               The aide immediately reaches for his pistol, but is blasted 
               by Han, dressed as an Imperial stormtrooper. Ben and the 
               robots enter the room quickly followed by Luke, also dressed 
               as a stormtrooper. Luke quickly removes his helmet.

                                     LUKE
                         You know, between his howling and 
                         your blasting everything in sight, 
                         it's a wonder the whole station 
                         doesn't know we're here.

                                     HAN
                         Bring them on! I prefer a straight 
                         fight to all this sneaking around.

                                     THREEPIO
                         We found the computer outlet, sir.

               Ben feeds some information into the computer and a map of 
               the city appears on the monitor. He begins to inspect it 
               carefully. Threepio and Artoo look over the control panel.  
               Artoo finds something that makes him whistle wildly.

                                     BEN
                         Plug in. He should be able to 
                         interpret the entire Imperial computer 
                         network.

               Artoo punches his claw arm into the computer socket and the 
               vast Imperial brain network comes to life, feeding information 
               to the little robot. After a few moments, he beeps something.

                                     THREEPIO
                         He says he's found the main computer 
                         to power the tractor beam that's 
                         holding the ship here. He'll try to 
                         make the precise location appear on 
                         the monitor.

               The computer monitor flashes readouts.

                                     THREEPIO
                         The tractor beam is coupled to the 
                         main reactor in seven locations. A 
                         power loss at one of the terminals 
                         will allow the ship to leave.

               Ben studies the data on the monitor readout.

                                     BEN
                         I don't think you boys can help. I 
                         must go alone.

                                     HAN
                         Whatever you say. I've done more 
                         that I bargained for on this trip 
                         already.

                                     LUKE
                         I want to go with you.

                                     BEN
                         Be patient, Luke. Stay and watch 
                         over the droids.

                                     LUKE
                         But he can...

                                     BEN
                         They must be delivered safely or 
                         other star systems will suffer the 
                         same fate as Alderaan. Your destiny 
                         lies along a different path than 
                         mine. The Force will be with you... 
                         always!

               Ben adjusts the lightsaber on his belt and silently steps 
               out of the command office, then disappears down a long grey 
               hallway. Chewbacca barks a comment and Han shakes his head 
               in agreement.

                                     HAN
                         Boy you said it, Chewie.

               Han looks at Luke.

                                     HAN
                         Where did you dig up that old fossil?

                                     LUKE
                         Ben is a great man.

                                     HAN
                         Yeah, great at getting us into 
                         trouble.

                                     LUKE
                         I didn't hear you give any ideas...

                                     HAN
                         Well, anything would be better than 
                         just hanging around waiting for him 
                         to pick us up...

                                     LUKE
                         Who do you think...

               Suddenly Artoo begins to whistle and beep a blue streak.  
               Luke goes over to him.

                                     LUKE
                         What is it?

                                     THREEPIO
                         I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir. 
                         He says "I found her", and keeps 
                         repeating, "She's here."

                                     LUKE
                         Well, who... who has he found?

               Artoo whistles a frantic reply.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Princess Leia.

                                     LUKE
                         The princess? She's here?

                                     HAN
                         Princess? What's going on?

                                     THREEPIO
                         Level five. Detention block A A-twenty-
                         three. I'm afraid she's scheduled to 
                         be terminated.

                                     LUKE
                         Oh, no! We've got to do something.

                                     HAN
                         What are you talking about?

                                     LUKE
                         The droid belongs to her. She's the 
                         one in the message... We've got to 
                         help her.

                                     HAN
                         Now, look, don't get any funny ideas. 
                         The old man wants us to wait right 
                         here.

                                     LUKE
                         But he didn't know she was here. 
                         Look, will you just find a way back 
                         into the detention block?

                                     HAN
                         I'm not going anywhere.

                                     LUKE
                         They're going to execute her. Look, 
                         a few minutes ago you said you didn't 
                         want to just wait here to be captured. 
                         Now all you want to do is stay.

                                     HAN
                         Marching into the detention area is 
                         not what I had in mind.

                                     LUKE
                         But they're going to kill her!

                                     HAN
                         Better her than me...

                                     LUKE
                         She's rich.

               Chewbacca growls.

                                     HAN
                         Rich?

                                     LUKE
                         Yes. Rich, powerful! Listen, if you 
                         were to rescue her, the reward would 
                         be...

                                     HAN
                         What?

                                     LUKE
                         Well more wealth that you can imagine.

                                     HAN
                         I don't know, I can imagine quite a 
                         bit!

                                     LUKE
                         You'll get it!

                                     HAN
                         I better!

                                     LUKE
                         You will...

                                     HAN
                         All right, kid. But you'd better be 
                         right about this.

               Han looks at Chewie, who grunts a short grunt.

                                     LUKE
                         All right.

                                     HAN
                         What's your plan?

                                     LUKE
                         Uh... Threepio, hand me those binders 
                         there will you?

               Luke moves toward Chewbacca with electronic cuffs.

                                     LUKE
                         Okay. Now, I'm going to put these on 
                         you.

               Chewie lets out a hideous growl.

                                     LUKE
                         Okay. Han, you put these on.

               Luke sheepishly hands the binders to Han.

                                     HAN
                         Don't worry, Chewie. I think I know 
                         what he has in mind.

               The Wookiee has a worried and frightened look on his face as 
               Han binds him with the electronic cuffs.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Master Luke, sir! Pardon me for 
                         asking... but, ah... what should 
                         Artoo and I do if we're discovered 
                         here?

                                     LUKE
                         Lock the door!

                                     HAN
                         And hope they don't have blasters.

                                     THREEPIO
                         That isn't very reassuring.

               Luke and Han put on their armored stormtrooper helmets and 
               start off into the giant Imperial Death Star.

               INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION AREA - ELEVATOR TUBE

               Han and Luke try to look inconspicuous in their armored suits 
               as they wait for a vacuum elevator to arrive. Troops, 
               bureaucrats, and robots bustle about, ignoring the trio 
               completely. Only a few give the giant Wookiee a curious 
               glance.

               Finally a small elevator arrives and the trio enters.

                                     LUKE
                         I can't see a thing in this helmet.

               A bureaucrat races to get aboard also, but is signaled away 
               by Han. The door to the pod-like vehicle slides closed and 
               the elevator car takes off through a vacuum tube.

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN HALLWAY

               Several Imperial officers walk through the wide main 
               passageway. They pass several stormtroopers and a robot 
               similar to Threepio but with an insect face. At the far end 
               of the hallway, a passing flash of Ben Kenobi appears, then 
               disappears down a small hallway. His appearance is so fleeting 
               that it is hard to tell if he is real or just an illusion. 
               No one in the hallway seems to notice him.

               INT. DEATH STAR - INTERIOR ELEVATOR - DETENTION SECURITY 
               AREA

               Luke and Han step forward to exit the elevator, but the door 
               slides open behind them. The giant Wookiee and his two guards 
               enter the old grey security station. Guards and laser gates 
               are everywhere. Han whispers to Luke under his breath.

                                     HAN
                         This is not going to work.

                                     LUKE
                         Why didn't you say so before?

                                     HAN
                         I did say so before!

               INT. DETENTION AREA

               Elevator doors open. A tall, grim looking Officer approaches 
               the trio.

                                     OFFICER
                         Where are you taking this... thing?

               Chewie growls a bit at the remark but Han nudges him to shut 
               up.

                                     LUKE
                         Prisoner transfer from Block one-one-
                         three-eight.

                                     OFFICER
                         I wasn't notified. I'll have to clear 
                         it.

               The officer goes back to his console and begins to punch in 
               the information. There are only three other troopers in the 
               area. Luke and Han survey the situation, checking all of the 
               alarms, laser gates, and camera eyes. Han unfastens one of 
               Chewbacca's electronic cuffs and shrugs to Luke.

               Suddenly Chewbacca throws up his hands and lets out with one 
               of his ear-piercing howls. He grabs Han's laser rifle.

                                     HAN
                         Look out! He's loose!

                                     LUKE
                         He's going to pull us all apart.

                                     HAN
                         Go get him!

               The startled guards are momentarily dumbfounded. Luke and 
               Han have already pulled out their laser pistols and are 
               blasting away at the terrifying Wookiee. Their barrage of 
               laserfire misses Chewbacca, but hits the camera eyes, laser 
               gate controls, and the Imperial guards. The officer is the 
               last of the guards to fall under the laserfire just as he is 
               about to push the alarm system. Han rushes to the comlink 
               system, which is screeching questions about what is going 
               on.  He quickly checks the computer readout.

                                     HAN
                         We've got to find out which cell 
                         this princess of yours is in. Here 
                         it is... cell twenty-one-eight-seven. 
                         You go get her. I'll hold them here.

               Luke races down one of the cell corridors. Han speaks into 
               the buzzing comlink.

                                     HAN
                              (sounding official)
                         Everything is under control. Situation 
                         normal.

                                     INTERCOM VOICE
                         What happened?

                                     HAN
                              (getting nervous)
                         Uh... had a slight weapons 
                         malfunction. But, uh, everything's 
                         perfectly all right now. We're fine. 
                         We're all fine here, now, thank you. 
                         How are you?

                                     INTERCOM VOICE
                         We're sending a squad up.

                                     HAN
                         Uh, uh, negative. We had a reactor 
                         leak here now. Give us a few minutes 
                         to lock it down. Large leak... very 
                         dangerous.

                                     INTERCOM VOICE
                         Who is this? What's your operating 
                         number?

               Han blasts the comlink and it explodes.

                                     HAN
                         Boring conversation anyway.
                              (yelling down the 
                              hall)
                         Luke! We're going to have company!

               INT. DEATH STAR - CELL ROW

               Luke stops in front of one of the cells and blasts the door 
               away with a laser pistol. When the smoke clears, Luke sees 
               the dazzling young princess-senator. She had been sleeping 
               and is now looking at him with an uncomprehending look on 
               her face. Luke is stunned by her incredible beauty and stands 
               staring at her with his mouth hanging open.

                                     LEIA
                              (finally)
                         Aren't you a little short to be a 
                         stormtrooper?

               Luke takes off his helmet, coming out of it.

                                     LUKE
                         What? Oh... the uniform. I'm Luke 
                         Skywalker. I'm here to rescue you.

                                     LEIA
                         You're who?

                                     LUKE
                         I'm here to rescue you. I've got 
                         your R2 unit. I'm here with Ben 
                         Kenobi.

                                     LEIA
                         Ben Kenobi is here! Where is he?

                                     LUKE
                         Come on!

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONFERENCE ROOM

               Darth Vader paces the room as Governor Tarkin sits at the 
               far end of the conference table.

                                     VADER
                         He is here...

                                     TARKIN
                         Obi-Wan Kenobi! What makes you think 
                         so?

                                     VADER
                         A tremor in the Force. The last time 
                         I felt it was in the presence of my 
                         old master.

                                     TARKIN
                         Surely he must be dead by now.

                                     VADER
                         Don't underestimate the power of the 
                         Force.

                                     TARKIN
                         The Jedi are extinct, their fire has 
                         gone out of the universe. You, my 
                         friend, are all that's left of their 
                         religion.

               There is a quiet buzz on the comlink.

                                     TARKIN
                         Yes.

                                     INTERCOM VOICE
                         Governor Tarkin, we have an emergency 
                         alert in detention block A A-twenty-
                         three.

                                     TARKIN
                         The princess! Put all sections on 
                         alert!

                                     VADER
                         Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with 
                         him.

                                     TARKIN
                         If you're right, he must not be 
                         allowed to escape.

                                     VADER
                         Escape is not his plan. I must face 
                         him alone.

               INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION AREA - HALLWAY

               An ominous buzzing sound is heard on the other side of the 
               elevator door.

                                     HAN
                         Chewie!

               Chewbacca responds with a growling noise.

                                     HAN
                         Get behind me! Get behind me!

               A series of explosions knock a hole in the elevator door 
               through which several Imperial troops begin to emerge.

               Han and Chewie fire laser pistols at them through the smoke 
               and flame. They turn and run down the cell hallway, meeting 
               up with Luke and Leia rushing toward them.

                                     HAN
                         Can't get out that way.

                                     LEIA
                         Looks like you managed to cut off 
                         our only escape route.

                                     HAN
                              (sarcastically)
                         Maybe you'd like it back in your 
                         cell, Your Highness.

               Luke takes a small comlink transmitter from his belt as they 
               continue to exchange fire with stormtroopers making their 
               way down the corridor.

                                     LUKE
                         See-Threepio! See-Threepio!

                                     THREEPIO
                              (over comlink)
                         Yes sir?

                                     LUKE
                         We've been cut off! Are there any 
                         other ways out of the cell bay?... 
                         What was that? I didn't copy!

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN BAY GANTRY - CONTROL TOWER

               Threepio paces the control center as little Artoo beeps and 
               whistles a blue streak. Threepio yells into the small comlink 
               transmitter.

                                     THREEPIO
                         I said, all systems have been alerted 
                         to your presence, sir. The main 
                         entrance seems to be the only way in 
                         or out; all other information on 
                         your level is restricted.

               Someone begins banging on the door.

                                     TROOPER VOICE
                         Open up in there!

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh, no!

               INT. DEATH STAR - DETENTION CORRIDOR

               Luke and Leia crouch together in an alcove for protection as 
               they continue to exchange fire with troops. Han and Chewbacca 
               are barely able to keep the stormtroopers at bay at the far 
               and of the hallway. The laserfire is very intense, and smoke 
               fills the narrow cell corridor.

                                     LUKE
                         There isn't any other way out.

                                     HAN
                         I can't hold them off forever! Now 
                         what?

                                     LEIA
                         This is some rescue. When you came 
                         in here, didn't you have a plan for 
                         getting out?

                                     HAN
                              (pointing to Luke)
                         He's the brains, sweetheart.

               Luke manages a sheepish grin and shrugs his shoulders.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, I didn't...

               The princess grabs Luke's gun and fires at a small grate in 
               the wall next to Han, almost frying him.

                                     HAN
                         What the hell are you doing?

                                     LEIA
                         Somebody has to save our skins. Into 
                         the garbage chute, wise guy.

               She jumps through the narrow opening as Han and Chewbacca 
               look on in amazement. Chewbacca sniffs the garbage chute and 
               says something.

                                     HAN
                         Get in there you big furry oaf! I 
                         don't care what you smell! Get in 
                         there and don't worry about it.

               Han gives him a kick and the Wookiee disappears into the 
               tiny opening. Luke and Han continue firing as they work their 
               way toward the opening.

                                     HAN
                         Wonderful girl! Either I'm going to 
                         kill her or I'm beginning to like 
                         her. Get in there!

               Luke ducks laserfire as he jumps into the darkness. Han fires 
               off a couple of quick blasts creating a smokey cover, then 
               slides into the chute himself and is gone.

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

               Han tumbles into the large room filled with garbage and muck.  
               Luke is already stumbling around looking for an exit. He 
               finds a small hatchway and struggles to get it open. It won't 
               budge.

                                     HAN
                              (sarcastically)
                         Oh! The garbage chute was a really 
                         wonderful idea. What an incredible 
                         smell you've discovered! Let's get 
                         out of here! Get away from there...

                                     LUKE
                         No! wait!

               Han draws his laser pistol and fires at the hatch. The 
               laserbolt ricochets wildly around the small metal room.  
               Everyone dives for cover in the garbage as the bolt explodes 
               almost on top of them. Leia climbs out of the garbage with a 
               rather grim look on her face.

                                     LUKE
                         Will you forget it? I already tried 
                         it. It's magnetically sealed!

                                     LEIA
                         Put that thing away! You're going to 
                         get us all killed.

                                     HAN
                         Absolutely, Your Worship. Look, I 
                         had everything under control until 
                         you led us down here. You know, it's 
                         not going to take them long to figure 
                         out what happened to us.

                                     LEIA
                         It could be worse...

               A loud, horrible, inhuman moan works its way up from the 
               murky depths. Chewbacca lets out a terrified howl and begins 
               to back away. Han and Luke stand fast with their laser pistols 
               drawn. The Wookiee is cowering near one of the walls.

                                     HAN
                         It's worse.

                                     LUKE
                         There's something alive in here!

                                     HAN
                         That's your imagination.

                                     LUKE
                         Something just moves past my leg! 
                         Look! Did you see that?

                                     HAN
                         What?

                                     LUKE
                         Help!

               Suddenly Luke is yanked under the garbage.

                                     HAN
                         Luke! Luke! Luke!

               Solo tries to get to Luke. Luke surfaces with a gasp of air 
               and thrashing of limbs. A membrane tentacle is wrapped around 
               his throat.

                                     LEIA
                         Luke!

               Leia extends a long pipe toward him.

                                     LEIA
                         Luke, Luke, grab a hold of this.

                                     LUKE
                         Blast it, will you! My gun's jammed.

                                     HAN
                         Where?

                                     LUKE
                         Anywhere! Oh!!

               Solo fires his gun downward. Luke is pulled back into the 
               muck by the slimy tentacle.

                                     HAN
                         Luke! Luke!

               Suddenly the walls of the garbage receptacle shudder and 
               move in a couple of inches. Then everything is deathly quiet.  
               Han and Leia give each other a worried look as Chewbacca 
               howls in the corner. With a rush of bubbles and muck Luke 
               suddenly bobs to the surface.

                                     LEIA
                         Grab him!

               Luke seems to be released by the thing.

                                     LEIA
                         What happened?

                                     LUKE
                         I don't know, it just let go of me 
                         and disappeared...

                                     HAN
                         I've got a very bad feeling about 
                         this.

               Before anyone can say anything the walls begin to rumble and 
               edge toward the Rebels.

                                     LUKE
                         The walls are moving!

                                     LEIA
                         Don't just stand there. Try to brace 
                         it with something.

               They place poles and long metal beams between the closing 
               walls, but they are simply snapped and bent as the giant 
               trashmasher rumbles on. The situation doesn't look too good.

                                     LUKE
                         Wait a minute!

               Luke pulls out his comlink.

                                     LUKE
                         Threepio! Come in Threepio! Threepio! 
                         Where could he be?

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN GANTRY - COMMAND OFFICE

               A soft buzzer and the muted voice of Luke calling out for 
               See-Threepio can be heard on Threepio's hand comlink, which 
               is sitting on the deserted computer console. Artoo and 
               Threepio are nowhere in sight. Suddenly there is a great 
               explosion and the door of the control tower flies across the 
               floor. Four armed stormtroopers enter the chamber.

                                     FIRST TROOPER
                         Take over!
                              (pointing to the dead 
                              officer)
                         See to him! Look there!

               A trooper pushes a button and the supply cabinet door slides 
               open. See-Threepio and Artoo-Detoo are inside. Artoo follows 
               his bronze companion out into the office.

                                     THREEPIO
                         They're madmen! They're heading for 
                         the prison level. If you hurry, you 
                         might catch them.

                                     FIRST OFFICER
                              (to his troops)
                         Follow me! You stand guard.

               The troops hustle off down the hallway, leaving a guard to 
               watch over the command office.

                                     THREEPIO
                              (to Artoo)
                         Come on!

               The guard aims a blaster at them.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh! All this excitement has overrun 
                         the circuits of my counterpart here. 
                         If you don't mind, I'd like to take 
                         him down to maintenance.

                                     TROOPER
                         All right.

               The guard nods and Threepio, with little Artoo in tow, hurries 
               out the door.

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

               As the walls rumble closed, the room gets smaller and smaller.  
               Chewie is whining and trying to hold a wall back with his 
               giant paws.

               Han is leaning back against the other wall. Garbage is 
               snapping and popping. Luke is trying to reach Threepio.

                                     LUKE
                         Threepio! Come in, Threepio! Threepio!

               Han and Leia try to brace the contracting walls with a pole. 
               Leia begins to sink into the trash.

                                     HAN
                         Get to the top!

                                     LEIA
                         I can't

                                     LUKE
                         Where could he be? Threepio! Threepio, 
                         will you come in?

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL

                                     THREEPIO
                         They aren't here! Something must 
                         have happened to them. See if they've 
                         been captured.

               Little Artoo carefully plugs his claw arm into a new wall 
               socket and a complex array of electronic sounds spew from 
               the tiny robot.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Hurry!

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

               The walls are only feet apart. Leia and Han are braced against 
               the walls. The princess is frightened. They look at each 
               other. Leia reaches out and takes Han's hand and she holds 
               it tightly. She's terrified and suddenly groans as she feels 
               the first crushing pressure against her body.

                                     HAN
                         One thing's for sure. We're all going 
                         to be a lot thinner!
                              (to Leia)
                         Get on top of it!

                                     LEIA
                         I'm trying!

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL

                                     THREEPIO
                              (to Artoo)
                         Thank goodness, they haven't found 
                         them! Where could they be?

               Artoo frantically beeps something to See-Threepio.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Use the comlink? Oh, my! I forgot I 
                         turned it off!

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

               Meanwhile, Luke is lying on his side, trying to keep his 
               head above the rising ooze. Luke's comlink begins to buzz 
               and he rips it off his belt.

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL

               Muffled sounds of Luke's voice over the comlink can be heard, 
               but not distinctly.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Are you there, sir?

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

                                     LUKE
                         Threepio!

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL

                                     THREEPIO
                         We've had some problems...

                                     LUKE
                              (over comlink)
                         Will you shut up and listen to me? 
                         Shut down all garbage mashers on the 
                         detention level, will you? Do you 
                         copy?

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

                                     LUKE
                         Shut down all the garbage mashers on 
                         the detention level.

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL

                                     LUKE
                              (over comlink)
                         Shut down all the garbage mashers on 
                         the detention level.

                                     THREEPIO
                              (to Artoo)
                         No. Shut them all down! Hurry!

               Threepio holds his head in agony as he hears the incredible 
               screaming and hollering from Luke's comlink.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Listen to them! They're dying, Artoo! 
                         Curse my metal body! I wasn't fast 
                         enough. It's all my fault! My poor 
                         master!

                                     LUKE
                              (over comlink)
                         Threepio, we're all right!

               INT. DEATH STAR - GARBAGE ROOM

               The screaming and hollering is the sound of joyous relief. 
               The walls have stopped moving. Han, Chewie and Leia embrace 
               in the background.

                                     LUKE
                         We're all right. You did great.

               Luke moves to the pressure sensitive hatch, looking for a 
               number.

                                     LUKE
                         Hey... hey, open the pressure 
                         maintenance hatch on unit number... 
                         where are we?

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY - SERVICE PANEL

                                     HAN
                              (over comlink)
                         Three-two-six-eight-two-seven.

               INT. DEATH STAR - TRACTOR BEAM - POWER GENERATOR TRENCH

               Ben enters a humming service trench that powers the huge 
               tractor beam. The trench seems to be a hundred miles deep. 
               The clacking sound of huge switching devices can be heard. 
               The old Jedi edges his his way along a narrow ledge leading 
               to a control panel that connects two large cables. He 
               carefully makes several adjustments in the computer terminal, 
               and several lights on the board go from red to blue.

               INT. DEATH STAR - UNUSED HALLWAY

               The group exits the garbage room into a dusty, unused hallway.  
               Han and Luke remove the trooper suits and strap on the blaster 
               belts.

                                     HAN
                         If we can just avoid any more female 
                         advice, we ought to be able to get 
                         out of here.

               Luke smiles and scratches his head as he takes a blaster 
               from Solo.

                                     LUKE
                         Well, let's get moving!

               Chewie begins growling and points to the hatch to the garbage 
               room, as he runs away and then stops howling.

                                     HAN
                              (to Chewie)
                         Where are you going?

               The Dia Nogu bangs against the hatch and a long, slimy 
               tentacle works its way out of the doorway searching for a 
               victim. Han aims his pistol.

                                     LEIA
                         No, wait. They'll hear!

               Han fires at the doorway. The noise of the blast echoes 
               relentlessly throughout the empty passageway. Luke simply 
               shakes his head in disgust.

                                     HAN
                              (to Chewie)
                         Come here, you big coward!

               Chewie shakes his head "no."

                                     HAN
                         Chewie! Come here!

                                     LEIA
                         Listen. I don't know who you are, or 
                         where you came from, but from now 
                         on, you do as I tell you. Okay?

               Han is stunned at the command of the petite young girl.

                                     HAN
                         Look, Your Worshipfulness, let's get 
                         one thing straight! I take orders 
                         from one person! Me!

                                     LEIA
                         It's a wonder you're still alive.
                              (looking at Chewie)
                         Will somebody get this big walking 
                         carpet out of my way?

               Han watches her start away. He looks at Luke.

                                     HAN
                         No reward is worth this.

               They follow her, moving swiftly down the deserted corridor.

               INT. DEATH STAR - POWER TRENCH

               Suddenly a door behind Ben slides open and a detachment of 
               stormtroopers marches to the power trench. Ben instantly 
               slips into the shadows as an Officer moves to within a few 
               feet of him.

                                     OFFICER
                         Secure this area until the alert is 
                         canceled.

                                     FIRST TROOPER
                         Give me regular reports.

               All but two of the stormtroopers leave.

                                     FIRST TROOPER
                         Do you know what's going on?

                                     SECOND TROOPER
                         Maybe it's another drill.

               Ben moves around the tractor beam, watching the stormtroopers 
               as they turn their backs to him. Ben gestures with his hand 
               toward them, as the troops think they hear something in the 
               other hallway. With the help of the Force, Ben deftly slips 
               past the troopers and into the main hallway.

                                     SECOND TROOPER
                         What was that?

                                     FIRST TROOPER
                         Oh, it's nothing. Don't worry about 
                         it.

               INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY

               Luke, Han, Chewbacca, and Leia run down an empty hallway and 
               stop before a bay window overlooking the pirateship. Troopers 
               are milling about the ship. Luke takes out his pocket comlink.

                                     HAN
                              (looking at his ship)
                         There she is.

                                     LUKE
                         See-Threepio, do you copy?

                                     THREEPIO
                              (voice)
                         For the moment. Uh, we're in the 
                         main hangar across from the ship.

                                     LUKE
                         We're right above you. Stand by.

               Han is watching the dozen or so troops moving in and out of 
               the pirateship. Leia moves towards Han, touches his arm and 
               points out the window to the ship.

                                     LEIA
                         You came in that thing? You're braver 
                         that I thought.

                                     HAN
                         Nice! Come on!

               Han gives her a dirty look, and they start off down the 
               hallway. They round a corner and run right into twenty 
               Imperial stormtroopers heading toward them. Both groups are 
               taken by surprise and stop in their tracks.

                                     FIRST TROOPER
                         It's them! Blast them!

               Before even thinking, Han draws his laser pistol and charges 
               the troops, firing. His blaster knocks one of the 
               stormtroopers into the air. Chewie follows his captain down 
               the corridor, stepping over the fallen trooper on the floor.

                                     HAN
                              (to Luke and Leia)
                         Get back to the ship!

                                     LUKE
                         Where are you going? Come back!

               Han has already rounded a corner and does not hear.

                                     LEIA
                         He certainly has courage.

                                     LUKE
                         What good will it do us if he gets 
                         himself killed? Come on!

               Luke is furious but doesn't have time to think about it for 
               muted alarms begin to go off down on the hangar deck. Luke 
               and Leia start off toward the starship hangar.

               INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAY

               Han chases the stormtroopers down a long subhallway. He is 
               yelling and brandishing his laser pistol. The troops reach a 
               dead end and are forced to turn and fight. Han stops a few 
               feet from them and assumes a defensive position. The troops 
               begin to raise their laser guns. Soon all ten troopers are 
               moving into an attack position in front of the lone 
               starpirate. Han's determined look begins to fade as the troops 
               begin to advance. Solo jumps backward as they fire at him.

               INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAY

               Chewbacca runs down the subhallway in a last-ditch attempt 
               to save his bold captain. Suddenly he hears the firing of 
               laser guns and yelling. Around the corner shoots Han, pirate 
               extraordinaire, running for his life, followed by a host of 
               furious stormtroopers. Chewbacca turns and starts running 
               the other way also.

               INT. DEATH STAR - SUBHALLWAY

               Luke fires his laser pistol wildly as he and Leia rush down 
               a narrow subhallway, chased by several stormtroopers. They 
               quickly reach the end of the subhallway and race through an 
               open hatchway.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CENTRAL CORE SHAFT

               Luke and Leia race through the hatch onto a narrow bridge 
               that spans a huge, deep shaft that seems to go into infinity. 
               The bridge has been retracted into the wall of the shaft, 
               and Luke almost rushes into the abyss. He loses his balance 
               off the end of the bridge as Leia, behind him, takes hold of 
               his arm and pulls him back.

                                     LUKE
                              (gasping)
                         I think we took a wrong turn.

               Blasts from the stormtroopers' laser guns explode nearby 
               reminding them of the oncoming danger. Luke fires back at 
               the advancing troops. Leia reaches over and hits a switch 
               that pops the hatch door shut with a resounding boom, leaving 
               them precariously perched on a short piece of bridge overhang.  
               Laserfire from the troopers continues to hit the steel door.

                                     LEIA
                         There's no lock!

               Luke blasts the controls with his laser pistol.

                                     LUKE
                         That oughta hold it for a while.

                                     LEIA
                         Quick, we've got to get across. Find 
                         the control that extends the bridge.

                                     LUKE
                         Oh, I think I just blasted it.

               Luke looks at the blasted bridge control while the 
               stormtroopers on the opposite side of the door begin making 
               ominous drilling and pounding sounds.

                                     LEIA
                         They're coming through!

               Luke notices something on his stormtrooper belt, when 
               laserfire hits the wall behind him. Luke aims his laser pistol 
               at a stormtrooper perched on a higher bridge overhang across 
               the abyss from them. They exchange fire. Two more troops 
               appear on another overhang, also firing. A trooper is hit, 
               and grabs at his chest.

               Another trooper standing on the bridge overhang is hit by 
               Luke's laserfire, and plummets down the shaft. Troopers move 
               back off the bridge; Luke hands the gun to Leia.

                                     LUKE
                         Here, hold this.

               Luke pulls a thin nylon cable from his trooper utility belt. 
               It has a grappler hook on it. A trooper appears on a bridge 
               overhang and fires at Luke and Leia. As Luke works with the 
               rope, Leia returns the laser volley. Another trooper appears 
               and fires at them, as Leia returns his fire as well.  
               Suddenly, the hatch door begins to open, revealing the feet 
               of more troops.

                                     LEIA
                         Here they come!

               Leia hits one of the stormtroopers on the bridge above, and 
               he falls into the abyss. Luke tosses the rope across the 
               gorge and it wraps itself around an outcropping of pipes. He 
               tugs on the rope to make sure it is secure, then grabs the 
               princess in his arms. Leia looks at Luke, then kisses him 
               quickly on the lips. Luke is very surprised.

                                     LEIA
                         For luck!

               Luke pushes off and they swing across the treacherous abyss 
               to the corresponding hatchway on the opposite side. Just as 
               Luke and Leia reach the far side of the canyon, the 
               stormtroopers break through the hatch and begin to fire at 
               the escaping duo. Luke returns the fire before ducking into 
               the tiny subhallway.

               INT. DEATH STAR - NARROW PASSAGEWAY

               Ben hides in the shadows of the narrow passageway as several 
               stormtroopers rush past him in the main hallway. He checks 
               to make sure they're gone, then runs down the hallway in the 
               opposite direction. Darth Vader appears at the far end of 
               the hallway and starts after the old Jedi.

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY

               Threepio looks around at the troops milling about the 
               pirateship entry ramp.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Where could they be?

               Artoo, plugged into the computer socket, turns his dome left 
               and right, beeping a response.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CORRIDOR - BLAST SHIELDS DOOR

               Han and Chewbacca run down a long corridor with several 
               troopers hot on their trail.

                                     TROOPER
                         Close the blast doors!

               At the end of the hallway, blast doors begin to close in 
               front of them. The young starpilot and his furry companion 
               race past the huge doors just as they are closing, and manage 
               to get off a couple off laserblasts at the pursuing troops 
               before the doors slam shut.

                                     TROOPER
                         Open the blast doors! Open the blast 
                         doors!

               INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY LEADING TO MAIN FORWARD BAY

               Ben hurries along one of the tunnels leading to the hangar 
               where the pirateship waits. Just before he reaches the hangar, 
               Darth Vader steps into view at the end of the tunnel, not 
               ten feet away. Vader lights his saber. Ben also ignites his 
               and steps slowly forward.

                                     VADER
                         I've been waiting for you, Obi-Wan. 
                         We meet again, at last. The circle 
                         is now complete.

               Ben Kenobi moves with elegant ease into a classical offensive 
               position. The fearsome Dark Knight takes a defensive stance.

                                     VADER
                         When I left you, I was but the 
                         learner; now I am the master.

                                     BEN
                         Only a master of evil, Darth.

               The two Galactic warriors stand perfectly still for a few 
               moments, sizing each other up and waiting for the right 
               moment. Ben seems to be under increasing pressure and strain, 
               as if an invisible weight were being placed upon him. He 
               shakes his head and, blinking, tries to clear his eyes.

               Ben makes a sudden lunge at the huge warrior but is checked 
               by a lightning movement of The Sith. A masterful slash stroke 
               by Vader is blocked by the old Jedi. Another of the Jedi's 
               blows is blocked, then countered. Ben moves around the Dark 
               Lord and starts backing into the massive starship hangar. 
               The two powerful warriors stand motionless for a few moments 
               with laser swords locked in mid-air, creating a low buzzing 
               sound.

                                     VADER
                         Your powers are weak, old man.

                                     BEN
                         You can't win, Darth. If you strike 
                         me down, I shall become more powerful 
                         than you can possibly imagine.

               Their lightsabers continue to meet in combat.

               INT. DEATH STAR - MAIN FORWARD BAY

               Han Solo and Chewbacca, their weapons in hand, lean back 
               against the wall surveying the forward bay, watching the 
               Imperial stormtroopers make their rounds of the hangar.

                                     HAN
                         Didn't we just leave this party?

               Chewbacca growls a reply, as Luke and the princess join them.

                                     HAN
                         What kept you?

                                     LEIA
                         We ran into some old friends.

                                     LUKE
                         Is the ship all right?

                                     HAN
                         Seems okay, if we can get to it. 
                         Just hope the old man got the tractor 
                         beam out of commission.

               INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY

               Vader and Ben Kenobi continue their powerful duel. As they 
               hit their lightsabers together, lightning flashes on impact. 
               Troopers look on in interest as the old Jedi and Dark Lord 
               of The Sith fight. Suddenly Luke spots the battle from his 
               group's vantage point.

                                     LUKE
                         Look!

               Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewie look up and see Ben and Vader 
               emerging from the hallways on the far side of the docking 
               bay.

               INT. DEATH STAR - DOCKING BAY

               Threepio and Artoo-Detoo are in the center of the Death Star's 
               Imperial docking bay.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Come on, Artoo, we're going!

               Threepio ducks out of sight as the seven stormtroopers who 
               were guarding the starship rush past them heading towards 
               Ben and The Sith Knight. He pulls on Artoo.

               INT. DEATH STAR - HALLWAY

               Solo, Chewie, Luke, and Leia tensely watch the duel. The 
               troops rush toward the battling knights.

                                     HAN
                         Now's our chance! Go!

               They start for the Millennium Falcon. Ben sees the troops 
               charging toward him and realizes that he is trapped. Vader 
               takes advantage of Ben's momentary distraction and brings 
               his mighty lightsaber down on the old man. Ben manages to 
               deflect the blow and swiftly turns around.

               The old Jedi Knight looks over his shoulder at Luke, lifts 
               his sword from Vader's then watches his opponent with a serene 
               look on his face.

               Vader brings his sword down, cutting old Ben in half. Ben's 
               cloak falls to the floor in two parts, but Ben is not in it.  
               Vader is puzzled at Ben's disappearance and pokes at the 
               empty cloak. As the guards are distracted, the adventurers 
               and the robots reach the starship. Luke sees Ben cut in two 
               and starts for him. Aghast, he yells out.

                                     LUKE
                         No!

               The stormtroopers turn toward Luke and begin firing at him.  
               The robots are already moving up the ramp into the Millennium 
               Falcon, while Luke, transfixed by anger and awe, returns 
               their fire. Solo joins in the laserfire. Vader looks up and 
               advances toward them, as one of his troopers is struck down.

                                     HAN
                              (to Luke)
                         Come on!

                                     LEIA
                         Come on! Luke, its too late!

                                     HAN
                         Blast the door! Kid!

               Luke fires his pistol at the door control panel, and it 
               explodes. The door begins to slide shut. Three troopers charge 
               forward firing laser bolts, as the door slides to a close 
               behind them, shutting Vader and the other troops out of the 
               docking bay. A stormtrooper lies dead at the feet of his 
               onrushing compatriots. Luke starts for the advancing troops, 
               as Solo and Leia move up the ramp into the pirateship. He 
               fires, hitting a stormtrooper, who crumbles to the floor.

                                     BEN'S VOICE
                         Run, Luke! Run!

               Luke looks around to see where the voice came from. He turns 
               toward the pirateship, ducking Imperial gunfire from the 
               troopers and races into the ship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Han pulls back on the controls and the ship begins to move. 
               The dull thud of laser bolts bouncing off the outside of the 
               ship as Chewie adjusts his controls.

                                     HAN
                         I hope the old man got that tractor 
                         beam out if commission, or this is 
                         going to be a real short trip. Okay, 
                         hit it!

               Chewbacca growls in agreement.

               EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON

               The Millennium Falcon powers away from the Death Star docking 
               bay, makes a spectacular turn and disappears into the vastness 
               of space.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREA

               Luke, saddened by the loss of Obi-Wan Kenobi, stares off 
               blankly as the robots look on. Leia puts a blanket around 
               him protectively, and Luke turns and looks up at her. She 
               sits down beside him.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Solo spots approaching enemy ships.

                                     HAN
                              (to Chewie)
                         We're coming up on the sentry ships. 
                         Hold 'em off! Angle the deflector 
                         shields while I charge up the main 
                         guns!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREA

               Luke looks downward sadly, shaking his head back and forth, 
               as the princess smiles comfortingly at him.

                                     LUKE
                         I can't believe he's gone.

               Artoo-Detoo beeps a reply.

                                     LEIA
                         There wasn't anything you could have 
                         done.

               Han rushes into the hold area where Luke is sitting with the 
               princess.

                                     HAN
                              (to Luke)
                         Come on, buddy, we're not out of 
                         this yet!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPIT

               Solo climbs into his attack position in the topside gunport.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD AREA

               Luke gets up and moves out toward the gunports as Leia heads 
               for the cockpit.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPIT

               Luke climbs down the ladder into the gunport cockpit, settling 
               into one of the two main laser cannons mounted in large 
               rotating turrets on either side of the ship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SOLO'S GUNPORT

               Han adjusts his headset as he sits before the controls of 
               his laser cannon, then speaks into the attached microphone.

                                     HAN
                              (to Luke)
                         You in, kid? Okay, stay sharp!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS - COCKPIT

               Chewbacca and Princess Leia search the heavens for attacking 
               TIE fighters. The Wookiee pulls back on the speed controls 
               as the ship bounces slightly.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SOLO'S GUNPORT - COCKPIT

               Computer graphic readouts form on Solo's target screen, as 
               Han reaches for controls.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT - COCKPIT

               Luke sits in readiness for the attack, his hand on the laser 
               cannon's control button.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT.

               Chewbacca spots the enemy ships and barks.

                                     LEIA
                              (into intercom)
                         Here they come!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - POV (POINT OF VIEW) - 
               SPACE

               The Imperial TIE fighters move towards the Millennium Falcon, 
               one each veering off to the left and right of the pirateship.

               INT. TIE FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               The stars whip past behind the Imperial pilot as he adjusts 
               his maneuvering joy stick.

               EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - IN SPACE

               The TIE fighter races past the Falcon, firing laser beams as 
               it passes.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD AREA

               Threepio is seated in the hold area, next to Artoo-Detoo. 
               The pirateship bounces and vibrates as the power goes out in 
               the room and then comes back on.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - GUNPORTS

               A TIE fighter maneuvers in front of Han, who follows it and 
               fires at it with the laser cannon. Luke does likewise, as 
               the fighter streaks into view. The ship has suffered a minor 
               hit, and bounces slightly.

               EXT. SPACE

               Two TIE fighters dive down toward the pirateship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS

               Luke fires at an unseen fighter.

                                     LUKE
                         They're coming in too fast!

               EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON/TIE FIGHTERS

               Pan with pirateship as two TIE fighters charge through the 
               background. Laserbolts streak from all the craft.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CHEWBACCA

               The ship shudders as a laserbolt hits very close to the 
               cockpit. The Wookiee chatters something to Leia.

               EXT. TIE FIGHTER - SPACE

               Full shot of a TIE fighter as it moves fast through the frame, 
               firing on the pirate starship.

               EXT. SPACE - TIE FIGHTERS

               The two TIE fighters fire a barrage of laserbeams at the 
               pirateship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - MAIN PASSAGEWAY

               A laserbolt streaks into the side of the pirateship. The 
               ship lurches violently, throwing poor Threepio into a cabinet 
               fill of small computer chips.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oooh!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - GUNPORTS

               Leia watches the computer readout as Chewbacca manipulates 
               the ship's controls.

                                     LEIA
                         We've lost lateral controls.

                                     HAN
                         Don't worry, she'll hold together.

               An enemy laserbolt hits the pirateship's control panel, 
               causing it to blow out in a shower of sparks.

                                     HAN
                              (to ship)
                         You hear me, baby? Hold together!

               Artoo-Detoo advances toward the smoking sparking control 
               panel, dousing the inferno by spraying it with fire retardant 
               beeping all the while.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT

               Luke swivels in his gun mount, following the TIE fighter 
               with his laser cannon.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT

               Solo aims his laser cannon at the enemy fighter.

               EXT. SPACE

               A TIE fighter streaks in front of the starship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Leia watches the TIE fighter ship fly over.

               EXT. SPACE

               A TIE fighter heads right for the pirateship, then zooms 
               overhead.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS

               Luke follows the TIE fighter across his field of view, firing 
               laserbeams from his cannon.

               EXT. TIE FIGHTER

               A TIE fighter dives past the pirateship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS

               Luke fires at a TIE fighter. At his port, Han follows a 
               fighter in his sights, releasing a blast of laserfire. He 
               connects, and the fighter explodes into fiery dust. Han laughs 
               victoriously.

               EXT. SPACE

               Two TIE fighters move toward and over the Millennium Falcon, 
               unleashing a barrage of laserbolts at the ship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS

               Another TIE fighter moves in on the pirateship and Luke, 
               smiling, fires the laser cannon at it, scoring a spectacular 
               direct hit.

                                     LUKE
                         Got him! I got him!

               Han turns and gives Luke a victory wave which Luke gleefully 
               returns.

                                     HAN
                         Great kid! Don't get cocky.

               Han turns back to his laser cannon.

               EXT. SPACE

               Two more TIE fighters cross in front of the pirateship.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               While Chewbacca manipulates the controls, Leia turns, looking 
               over her shoulder out the ports.

                                     LEIA
                         There are still two more of them out 
                         there!

               EXT. SPACE

               A TIE fighter moves up over the pirateship, firing laserblasts 
               at it.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS

               Luke and Han look into their respective projected target 
               screens. An Imperial fighter crosses Solo's port, and Han 
               swivels in his chair, following it with blasts from his laser 
               cannon. Another fighter crosses Luke's port, and he reacts 
               in a like manner, the glow of his target screen lighting his 
               face.

               EXT. SPACE

               The TIE fighter zooms toward the pirateship, firing 
               destructive blasts at it.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORTS

               Luke fires a laserblast at the approaching enemy fighter, 
               and it bursts into a spectacular explosion. Luke's projected 
               screen gives a readout of the hit. The pirateship bounces 
               slightly as it is struck by the enemy fire.

               EXT. SPACE - TIE FIGHTER

               The last of the attacking Imperial TIE fighters looms in, 
               firing upon the Falcon.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNPORT

               Solo swivels behind his cannon, his aim describing the arc 
               of the TIE fighter. The fighter comes closer, firing at the 
               pirateship, but a well-aimed blast from Solo's laser cannon 
               hits the attacker, which blows up in a small atomic shower 
               of burning fragments.

                                     LUKE
                              (laughing)
                         That's it! We did it!

               The princess jumps up and gives Chewie a congratulatory hug.

                                     LEIA
                         We did it!

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - PASSAGEWAY

               Threepio lies on the floor of the ship, completely tangled 
               in the smoking, sparking wires.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Help! I think I'm melting!
                              (to Artoo)
                         This is all your fault.

               Artoo turns his dome from side to side, beeping in response.

               EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON

               The victorious Millennium Falcon moves off majestically 
               through space.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

               Darth Vader strides into the control room, where Tarkin is 
               watching the huge view screen. A sea of stars is before him.

                                     TARKIN
                         Are they away?

                                     VADER
                         They have just made the jump into 
                         hyperspace.

                                     TARKIN
                         You're sure the homing beacon is 
                         secure aboard their ship? I'm taking 
                         an awful risk, Vader. This had better 
                         work.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Han, removes his gloves and smiling, is at the controls of 
               the ship. Chewie moves into the aft section to check the 
               damage. Leia is seated near Han.

                                     HAN
                         Not a bad bit of rescuing, huh? You 
                         know, sometimes I even amaze myself.

                                     LEIA
                         That doesn't sound too hard. Besides, 
                         they let us go. It's the only 
                         explanation for the ease of our 
                         escape.

                                     HAN
                         Easy... you call that easy?

                                     LEIA
                         Their tracking us!

                                     HAN
                         Not this ship, sister.

               Frustrated, Leia shakes her head.

                                     LEIA
                         At least the information in Artoo is 
                         still intact.

                                     HAN
                         What's so important? What's he 
                         carrying?

                                     LEIA
                         The technical readouts of that battle 
                         station. I only hope that when the 
                         data is analyzed, a weakness can be 
                         found. It's not over yet!

                                     HAN
                         It is for me, sister! Look, I ain't 
                         in this for your revolution, and I'm 
                         not in it for you, Princess. I expect 
                         to be well paid. I'm in it for the 
                         money!

                                     LEIA
                         You needn't worry about your reward. 
                         If money is all that you love, then 
                         that's what you'll receive!

               She angrily turns, and as she starts out of the cockpit, 
               passes Luke coming in.

                                     LEIA
                         Your friend is quite a mercenary. I 
                         wonder if he really cares about 
                         anything... or anyone.

                                     LUKE
                         I care!

               Luke, shaking his head, sits in the copilot seat. He and Han 
               stare out at the vast blackness of space.

                                     LUKE
                         So... what do you think of her, Han?

                                     HAN
                         I'm trying not to, kid!

                                     LUKE
                              (under his breath)
                         Good...

                                     HAN
                         Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I 
                         don't know, what do you think? Do 
                         you think a princess and a guy like 
                         me...

                                     LUKE
                         No!

               Luke says it with finality and looks away. Han smiles at 
               young Luke's jealousy.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN

               The battered pirateship drifts into orbit around the planet 
               Yavin and proceeds to one of its tiny green moons.

               EXT. FOURTH MOON OF YAVIN

               The pirateship soars over the dense jungle.

               EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST

               An alert guard, his laser gun in hand, scans the countryside.  
               He sets the gun down and looks toward the temple, barely 
               visible in the foliage.

               EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - JUNGLE TEMPLE

               Rotting in a forest of gargantuan trees, an ancient temple 
               lies shrouded in an eerie mist. The air is heavy with the 
               fantastic cries of unimaginable creatures. Han, Luke and the 
               others are greeted by the Rebel troops.

               Luke and the group ride into the massive temple on an armored 
               military speeder.

               INT. MASSASSI - MAIN HANGAR DECK

               The military speeder stops in a huge spaceship hangar, set 
               up in the interior of the crumbling temple. Willard, the 
               commander of the Rebel forces, rushes up to the group and 
               gives Leia a big hug. Every one is pleased to see her.

                                     WILLARD
                              (holding Leia)
                         You're safe! We had feared the worst.

               Willard composes himself, steps back and bows formally.

                                     WILLARD
                         When we heard about Alderaan, we 
                         were afraid that you were... lost 
                         along with your father.

                                     LEIA
                         We don't have time for our sorrows, 
                         Commander. The battle station has 
                         surely tracked us here.
                              (looking pointedly to 
                              Han)
                         It's the only explanation for the 
                         ease of our escape. You must use the 
                         information in this R2 unit to plan 
                         the attack. It is our only hope.

               EXT. SPACE

               The surface of the Death Star ominously approaches the red 
               planet Yavin.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

               Grand Moff Tarkin and Lord Vader are interrupted in their 
               discussion by the buzz of the comlink. Tarkin moves to answer 
               the call.

                                     TARKIN
                         Yes.

               DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE

               We are approaching the planet Yavin. The Rebel base is on a 
               moon on the far side. We are preparing to orbit the planet.

               EXT. YAVIN - JUNGLE

               A lone guard stands in a tower high above the Yavin landscape, 
               surveying the countryside. A mist hangs over the jungle of 
               twisted green.

               INT. MASSASSI - WAR ROOM BRIEFING AREA

               Dodonna stands before a large electronic wall display. Leia 
               and several other senators are to one side of the giant 
               readout. The low-ceilinged room is filled with starpilots, 
               navigators, and a sprinkling of R2-type robots. Everyone is 
               listening intently to what Dodonna is saying. Han and 
               Chewbacca are standing near the back.

                                     DODONNA
                         The battle station is heavily shielded 
                         and carries a firepower greater than 
                         half the star fleet. It's defenses 
                         are designed around a direct large-
                         scale assault. A small one-man fighter 
                         should be able to penetrate the outer 
                         defense.

               Gold Leader, a rough looking man in his early thirties, stands 
               and addresses Dodonna.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         Pardon me for asking, sir, but what 
                         good are snub fighters going to be 
                         against that?

                                     DODONNA
                         Well, the Empire doesn't consider a 
                         small one-man fighter to be any 
                         threat, or they'd have a tighter 
                         defense. An analysis of the plans 
                         provided by Princess Leia has 
                         demonstrated a weakness in the battle 
                         station.

               Artoo-Detoo stands next to a similar robot, makes beeping 
               sounds, and turns his head from right to left.

                                     DODONNA
                         The approach will not be easy. You 
                         are required to maneuver straight 
                         down this trench and skim the surface 
                         to this point. The target area is 
                         only two meters wide. It's a small 
                         thermal exhaust port, right below 
                         the main port. The shaft leads 
                         directly to the reactor system. A 
                         precise hit will start a chain 
                         reaction which should destroy the 
                         station.

               A murmer of disbelief runs through the room.

                                     DODONNA
                         Only a precise hit will set up a 
                         chain reaction. The shaft is ray-
                         shielded, so you'll have to use proton 
                         torpedoes.

               Luke is sitting next to Wedge Antilles, a hotshot pilot about 
               sixteen years old.

                                     WEDGE
                         That's impossible, even for a 
                         computer.

                                     LUKE
                         It's not impossible. I used to bull's-
                         eye womp rats in my T-sixteen back 
                         home. They're not much bigger than 
                         two meters.

                                     DODONNA
                         Man your ships! And may the Force be 
                         with you!

               The group rises and begins to leave.

               EXT. SPACE

               The Death Star begins to move around the planet toward the 
               tiny green moon.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Tarkin and Vader watch the computer projected screen with 
               interest, as a circle of lights intertwines around one another 
               on the screen showing it's position in relation to Yavin and 
               the forth moon.

               DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE

               Orbiting the planet at maximum velocity. The moon with the 
               Rebel base will be in range in thirty minutes.

                                     VADER
                         This will be a day long remembered. 
                         It has seen the end of Kenobi and it 
                         will soon see the end of the 
                         Rebellion.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN HANGAR DECK

               Luke, Threepio and little Artoo enter the huge spaceship 
               hangar and hurry along a long line of gleaming spacefighters.  
               Flight crews rush around loading last-minute armaments and 
               unlocking power couplings. In an area isolated from this 
               activity Luke finds Han and Chewbacca loading small boxes 
               onto an armored speeder.

                                     MAN'S VOICE
                              (over loudspeaker)
                         All flight trooper, man your stations. 
                         All flight troops, man your stations.

               Han is deliberately ignoring the activity of the fighter 
               pilots' preparation. Luke is quite saddened at the sight of 
               his friend's departure.

                                     LUKE
                         So... you got your reward and you're 
                         just leaving then?

                                     HAN
                         That's right, yeah! I got some old 
                         debts I've got to pay off with this 
                         stuff. Even if I didn't, you don't 
                         think I'd be fool enough to stick 
                         around here, do you? Why don't you 
                         come with us? You're pretty good in 
                         a fight. I could use you.

                                     LUKE
                              (getting angry)
                         Come on! Why don't you take a look 
                         around? You know what's about to 
                         happen, what they're up against. 
                         They could use a good pilot like 
                         you. You're turning your back on 
                         them.

                                     HAN
                         What good's a reward if you ain't 
                         around to use it? Besides, attacking 
                         that battle station ain't my idea of 
                         courage. It's more like suicide.

                                     LUKE
                         All right. Well, take care of 
                         yourself, Han. I guess that's what 
                         you're best at, isn't it?

               Luke goes off and Han hesitates, then calls to him.

                                     HAN
                         Hey, Luke... may the Force be with 
                         you!

               Luke turns and sees Han wink at him. Luke lifts his hand in 
               a small wave and then goes off.

               Han turns to Chewie who growls at his captain,

                                     HAN
                         What're you lookin' at? I know what 
                         I'm doing.

               INT. MAIN HANGAR DECK - LUKE'S SHIP

               Luke, Leia, and Dodonna meet under a huge space fighter.

                                     LEIA
                         What's wrong?

                                     LUKE
                         Oh, it's Han! I don't know, I really 
                         thought he'd change his mind.

                                     LEIA
                         He's got to follow his own path. No 
                         one can choose it for him.

                                     LUKE
                         I only wish Ben were here.

               Leia gives Luke a little kiss, turns, and goes off. As Luke 
               heads for his ship, another pilot rushes up to him and grabs 
               his arm.

                                     BIGGS
                         Luke! I don't believe it! How'd you 
                         get here... are you going out with 
                         us?!

                                     LUKE
                         Biggs! Of course, I'll be up there 
                         with you! Listen, have I got some 
                         stories to tell...

               Red Leader, a rugged handsome man in his forties, comes up 
               behind Luke and Biggs. He has the confident smile of a born 
               leader.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Are you... Luke Skywalker? Have you 
                         been checked out on the Incom T-sixty-
                         five?

                                     BIGGS
                         Sir, Luke is the best bushpilot in 
                         the outer rim territories.

               Red Leader pats Luke on the back as they stop in front of 
               his fighter.

                                     RED LEADER
                         I met your father once when I was 
                         just a boy, he was a great pilot. 
                         You'll do all right. If you've got 
                         half of your father's skill, you'll 
                         do better than all right.

                                     LUKE
                         Thank you, sir. I'll try.

               Red Leader hurries to his own ship.

                                     BIGGS
                         I've got to get aboard. Listen, you'll 
                         tell me your stories when we come 
                         back. All right?

                                     LUKE
                         I told you I'd make it someday, Biggs.

                                     BIGGS
                              (going off)
                         You did, all right. It's going to be 
                         like old times, Luke. We're a couple 
                         of shooting stars that'll never be 
                         stopped!

               Luke laughs and shakes his head in agreement. He heads for 
               his ship.

               As Luke begins to climb up the ladder into his sleek, deadly 
               spaceship, the crew chief, who is working on the craft, points 
               to little Artoo, who is being hoisted into a socket on the 
               back of the fighter.

                                     CHIEF
                         This R2 unit of your seems a bit 
                         beat up. Do you want a new one?

                                     LUKE
                         Not on your life! That little droid 
                         and I have been through a lot 
                         together.
                              (to Artoo)
                         You okay, Artoo?

               The crewmen lower Artoo-Detoo into the craft. Now a part of 
               the exterior shell of the starship, the little droid beeps 
               that he is fine.

               Luke climbs up into the cockpit of his fighter and puts an 
               his helmet. Threepio looks on from the floor of the massive 
               hangar as the crewmen secure his little electronic partner 
               into Luke's X-wing. It's an emotional-filled moment as Artoo 
               beeps good-bye.

                                     CHIEF
                         Okay, easy she goes!

                                     THREEPIO
                         Hang on tight,Artoo, you've got to 
                         come back.

               Artoo beeps in agreement.

                                     THREEPIO
                         You wouldn't want my life to get 
                         boring, would you?

               Artoo whistles his reply.

               All final preparations are made for the approaching battle.  
               The hangar is buzzing with the last minute activity as the 
               pilots and crewmen alike make their final adjustments. The 
               hum of activity is occasionally trespassed by the distorted 
               voice of the loudspeaker issuing commands. Coupling hoses 
               are disconnected from the ships as they are fueled. Cockpit 
               shields roll smoothly into place over each pilot. A signalman, 
               holding red guiding lights, directs the ships. Luke, a trace 
               of a smile gracing his lips, peers about through his goggles.

                                     BEN'S VOICE
                         Luke, the Force will be with you.

               Luke is confused at the voice and taps his headphones.

               EXT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - JUNGLE

               All that can be seen of the fortress is a lone guard standing 
               on a small pedestal jutting out above the dense jungle. The 
               muted gruesome crying sounds that naturally permeate this 
               eerie purgatory are overwhelmed by the thundering din of ion 
               rockets as four silver starships catapult from the foliage 
               in a tight formation and disappears into the morning cloud 
               cover.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               The princess, Threepio, and a field commander sit quietly 
               before the giant display showing the planet Yavin and its 
               four moons. The red dot that represents the Death Star moves 
               ever closer to the system. A series of green dots appear 
               around the fourth moon. A din of indistinct chatter fills 
               the war room.

                                     MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE
                         Stand-by alert. Death Star 
                         approaching. Estimated time to firing 
                         range, fifteen minutes.

               EXT. SPACE

               The Death Star slowly moves behind the massive yellow surface 
               of Yavin in the foreground, as many X-wing fighters flying 
               in formation zoom toward us and out of the frame.

               EXT. SPACE - ANOTHER ANGLE

               Light from a distant sun creates an eerie atmospheric glow 
               around a huge planet, Yavin. Rebel fighters flying in 
               formation settle ominously in the foreground and very slowly 
               pull away.

               INT. RED LEADER STARSHIP - COCKPIT

               Red Leader lowers his visor and adjusts his gun sights, 
               looking to each side at his wing men.

                                     RED LEADER
                         All wings report in.

               INT. ANOTHER COCKPIT

               One of the Rebel fighters checks in through his mike.

                                     RED TEN
                         Red Ten standing by.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

               Biggs checks his fighter's controls, alert and ready for 
               combat.

                                     RED SEVEN
                              (over Biggs' headset)
                         Red Seven standing by.

                                     BIGGS
                         Red Three standing by.

               INT. PORKINS' COCKPIT

                                     PORKINS
                         Red Six standing by.

                                     RED NINE
                              (over headset)
                         Red Nine standing by.

               INT. WEDGE'S FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     WEDGE
                         Red Two standing by.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     RED ELEVEN
                              (over headset)
                         Red Eleven standing by.

                                     LUKE
                         Red Five standing by.

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Artoo-Detoo, in position outside of the fighter, turns his 
               head from side to side and makes beeping sounds.

               INT. RED LEADER'S FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         Lock S-foils in attack position.

               EXT. SPACE

               The group of X-wing fighters move in formation toward the 
               Death Star, unfolding the wings and locking them in the "X" 
               position.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

                                     READ LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         We're passing through their magnetic 
                         field.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         Hold tight!

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke adjusts his controls as he concentrates on the 
               approaching Death Star. The ship begins to be buffeted 
               slightly.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         Switch your deflectors on.

               INT. ANOTHER COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         Double front!

               EXT. SPACE

               The fighters, now X-shaped darts, move in formation. The 
               Death Star now appears to be a small moon growing rapidly in 
               size as the Rebel fighters approach. Complex patterns on the 
               metallic surface begin to become visible. A large dish antenna 
               is built into the surface on one side.

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               Wedge is amazed and slightly frightened at the awesome 
               spectacle.

                                     WEDGE
                         Look at the size of that thing!

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         Cut the chatter, Red Two.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         Accelerate to attack speed. This is 
                         it, boys!

               EXT. SPACE

               As the fighters move closer to the Death Star, the awesome 
               size of the gargantuan Imperial fortress is revealed. Half 
               of the deadly space station is in shadow and this area 
               sparkles with thousands of small lights running in thin lines 
               and occasionally grouped in large clusters; somewhat like a 
               city at night as seen from a weather satellite.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         Red Leader, this is Gold Leader.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         I copy, Gold Leader.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         We're starting for the target shaft 
                         now.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader looks around at his wingmen; the Death Star looming 
               in from behind. Two Y-wing fighters bob back and forth in 
               the background. He moves his computer targeting device into 
               position.

                                     RED LEADER
                         We're in position. I'm going to cut 
                         across the axis and try and draw 
                         their fire.

               EXT. SPACE

               Two squads of Rebel fighters peel off. The X-wings dive 
               towards the Death Star surface. A thousand lights glow across 
               the dark grey expanse of the huge station.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Alarm sirens scream as soldiers scramble to large turbo- 
               powered laser gun emplacements. Electronic drivers rotate 
               the huge guns into position as crew adjust their targeting 
               devices.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Laserbolts streak through the star-filled night. The Rebel X-
               wing fighters move in toward the Imperial base, as the Death 
               Star aims its massive laser guns at the Rebel forces and 
               fires.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Princess Leia listens to the battle over the intercom.  
               Threepio is at her side.

                                     WEDGE
                              (over war room speaker 
                              system)
                         Heavy fire, boss! Twenty-degrees.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         I see it. Stay low.

               EXT. SPACE

               An X-wing zooms across the surface of the Death Star.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Technical crews scurry here and there loading last-minute 
               armaments and unlocking power cables.

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               Wedge maneuvers his fighter toward the menacing Death Star.

               EXT. SPACE

               X-wings continue in their attack course on the Death Star.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke nosedives radically, starting his attack on the monstrous 
               fortress. The Death Star surface streaks past the cockpit 
               window.

                                     LUKE
                         This is Red Five; I'm going in!

               EXT. SPACE

               Luke's X-wing races toward the Death Star. Laserbolts streak 
               from Luke's weapons, creating a huge fireball explosion on 
               the dim surface.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Terror crosses Luke's face as he realizes he won't be able 
               to pull out in time to avoid the fireball.

                                     BIGGS
                              (over headset)
                         Luke, pull up!

               EXT. SURFACE OF DEATH STAR

               Luke's ship emerges from the fireball, with the leading edges 
               of his wings slightly scorched.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

                                     BIGGS
                         Are you all right?

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke adjusts his controls and breathes a sigh of relief. 
               Flak bursts outside the cockpit window.

                                     LUKE
                         I got a little cooked, but I'm okay.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Rebel fighters continue to strafe the Death Star's surface 
               with laserbolts.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Walls buckle and cave in. Troops and equipment are blown in 
               all directions. Stormtroopers stagger out of the rubble.  
               Standing in the middle of the chaos, a vision of calm and 
               foreboding, is Darth Vader. One of his Astro-Officers rushes 
               up to him.

                                     ASTRO-OFFICER
                         We count thirty Rebel ships, Lord 
                         Vader. But they're so small they're 
                         evading our turbo-lasers!

                                     VADER
                         We'll have to destroy them ship to 
                         ship. Get the crews to their fighters.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Smoke belches from the giant laser guns as they wind up their 
               turbine generators to create sufficient power. The crew rushes 
               about preparing for another blast. Even the troopers head 
               gear is not adequate to protect them from the overwhelming 
               noise of the monstrous weapon. One troopers bangs his helmet 
               with his hand in an attempt to stop the ringing.

               INT. READ LEADER'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Red Leader flies through a heavy hail of flak.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Luke, let me know when you're going 
                         in.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               The Red Leader's X-wing flies past Luke as he puts his nose 
               down and starts his attack dive.

                                     LUKE
                         I'm on my way in now...

                                     RED LEADER
                         Watch yourself! There's a lot of 
                         fire coming from the right side of 
                         that deflection tower.

                                     LUKE
                         I'm on it.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke flings his X-wing into a twisting dive across the horizon 
               and down onto the dim grey surface.

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING TRAVELING

               A shot hurls from Luke's guns. Laserbolts streak toward the 
               onrushing Death Star surface. Several small radar emplacements 
               erupt in flame. Laserfire erupts from a protruding tower on 
               the surface.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               The blurry Death Star surface races past the cockpit window 
               as a big smile sweeps across Luke's face at the success of 
               his run. Flak thunders on all sides of him.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               The Death Star superstructure races past Luke as he maneuvers 
               his craft through a wall of laserfire and peels away from 
               the surface towards the heavens.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               The thunder and smoke of the big guns reverberate throughout 
               the massive structure. Many soldiers rush about in the smoke 
               and chaos, silhouetted by the almost continual flash of 
               explosions.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Biggs dives through a forest of radar domes, antennae, and 
               gun towers as he shoots low across the Death Star surface. A 
               dense barrage of laserfire streaks by on all sides.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Imperial star pilots dash in unison to a line of small 
               auxiliary hatches that lead to Imperial TIE fighters.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Princess Leia, surrounded by her generals and aides, paces 
               nervously before a lighted computer table. On all sides 
               technicians work in front of many lighted glass walls. Dodonna 
               watches quietly from one corner. One of the officers working 
               over a screen speaks into his headset.

                                     CONTROL OFFICER
                         Squad leaders, we've picked up a new 
                         group of signals. Enemy fighters 
                         coming your way.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Luke looks around to see if he can spot the approaching 
               Imperial fighters.

                                     LUKE
                         My scope's negative. I don't see 
                         anything.

               INT. RED LEADER'S X-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               The Death Star's surface sweeps past as Red Leader searches 
               the sky for the Imperial fighters. Flak pounds at his ship.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Keep up your visual scanning. With 
                         all this jamming, they'll be on top 
                         of you before your scope can pick 
                         them up.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Silhouetted against the rim lights of the Death Star horizon, 
               four ferocious Imperial TIE ships dive on the Rebel fighters.  
               Two of the TIE fighters peel off and drop out of frame. Pan 
               with the remaining two TIE ships.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Biggs panics when he discovers a TIE ship on his tail. The 
               horizon in the background twists around as he peels off, 
               hoping to lose the Imperial fighter.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         Biggs! You've picked one up... watch 
                         it!

                                     BIGGS
                         I can't see it! Where is he?!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Biggs zooms off the surface and into space, closely followed 
               by an Imperial TIE fighter. The TIE ship fires several 
               laserbolts at Biggs, but misses.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Biggs see the TIE ship behind him and swings around, trying 
               to avoid him.

                                     BIGGS
                         He's on me tight, I can't shake him... 
                         I can't shake him.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Biggs, flying at high altitude, peels off and dives toward 
               the Death Star surface, but he is unable to lose the TIE 
               fighter, who sticks close to his tail.

               INT. X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Luke is flying upside down. He rotates his ship around to 
               normal attitude as he comes out of his dive.

                                     LUKE
                         Hang on, Biggs, I'm coming in.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Biggs and the tailing TIE ship dive for the surface, now 
               followed by a fast-gaining Luke. After Biggs dives out of 
               sight, Luke chases the Imperial fighter.

               EXT. SURFACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               In the foreground, the Imperial fighter races across the 
               Death Star's surface, closely followed by Luke in the 
               background.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               There is a shot from Luke's X-wing of the TIE ship exploding 
               in a mass of flames.

                                     LUKE
                         Got him!

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Darth Vader strides purposefully down a Death Star corridor, 
               flanked by Imperial stormtroopers.

                                     VADER
                         Several fighters have broken off 
                         from the main group. Come with me!

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               A concerned Princess Leia, Threepio, Dodonna, and other 
               officers of the Rebellion stand around the huge round readout 
               screen, listening to the ship-to-ship communication on the 
               room's loudspeaker.

                                     BIGGS
                              (over speaker)
                         Pull in! Luke... pull in!

                                     WEDGE
                              (over speaker)
                         Watch your back, Luke!

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     WEDGE
                              (over headset)
                         Watch your back! Fighter's above 
                         you, coming in!

               EXT. SPACE

               Luke's ship soars away from the Death Star's surface as he 
               spots the tailing TIE fighter.

               INT. TIE FIGHTER'S COCKPIT

               The TIE pilot takes aim at Luke's X-wing.

               EXT. SPACE

               The Imperial TIE fighter pilot scores a hit on Luke's ship.  
               Fire breaks out on the right side of the X-wing.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks out of his cockpit at the flames on his ship.

                                     LUKE
                         I'm hit, but not bad.

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Smoke pours out from behind Artoo-Detoo.

                                     LUKE'S VOICE
                         Artoo, see what you can do with it. 
                         Hang on back there.

               Green laserfire moves past the beeping little robot as his 
               head turns.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke nervously works his controls.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         Red Six...

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               In the war room, Leia stands frozen as she listens and worries 
               about Luke.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         Can you see Red Five?

                                     RED TEN
                              (over speaker)
                         There's a heavy fire zone on this 
                         side. Red Five, where are you?

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke spots the TIE fighter behind him and soars away from 
               the Death Star surface.

                                     LUKE
                         I can't shake him!

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's ship soars closer to the surface of the Death Star, 
               an Imperial TIE fighter closing in on him in hot pursuit.

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               The Death Star whips below Wedge.

                                     WEDGE
                         I'm on him, Luke!

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

                                     WEDGE
                              (over headset)
                         Hold on!

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Wedge dives across the horizon toward Luke and the TIE 
               fighter.

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               Wedge moves his X-wing in rapidly.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke reacts frantically.

                                     LUKE
                         Blast it! Wedge where are you?

               INT. TIE FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               The fighter pilot watches Wedge's X-wing approach. Another X-
               wing joins him, and both unleash a volley of laserfire on 
               the Imperial fighter.

               EXT. SPACE

               The TIE fighter explodes, filling the screen with white light.  
               Luke's ship can be seen far in the distance.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke looks about in relief.

                                     LUKE
                         Thanks, Wedge.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia, Threepio, Dodonna and other Rebel officers are listening 
               to the Rebel Fighter's radio transmissions over the war room 
               intercom.

                                     BIGGS
                              (over speaker)
                         Good shooting, Wedge!

                                     GOLD LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         Red Leader...

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Leader peels off and starts toward the long trenches at 
               the Death Star surface pole.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         This is Gold Leader. We're starting 
                         out attack run.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Three Y-wing fighters of the Gold group dive out of the stars 
               toward the Death Star surface.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others are grouped around the screen, as 
               technicians move about attending to their duties.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         I copy, Gold Leader. Move into 
                         position.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Three Imperial TIE ships in precise formation dive toward 
               the Death Star surface.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Darth Vader calmly adjusts his control stick as the stars 
               whip past in the window above his head.

                                     VADER
                         Stay in attack formation!

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Technicians are seated at the computer readout table.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         The exhaust post is...

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         ...marked and locked in!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Gold Leader approaches the surface and pulls out to skim the 
               surface of the huge station. The ship moves into a deep 
               trench, firing laserbolts. The surface streaks past as 
               laserfire is returned by the Death Star.

               INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT - TRAVELING

               Gold Five is a pilot in his early fifties with a very battered 
               helmet that looks like it's been through many battles. He 
               looks around to see if enemy ships are near. His fighter is 
               buffeted by Imperial flak.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Leader races down the enormous trench that leads to the 
               exhaust port. Laserbolts blast toward him in increasing 
               numbers, occasionally exploding near the ship causing it to 
               bounce about.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         Switch power to front deflector 
                         screens.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Three Y-wing skim the Death Star surface deep in the trench, 
               as laserbolts streak past on all sides.

               EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE - GUN EMPLACEMENTS

               An exterior surface gun blazes away at the oncoming Rebel 
               fighters.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         How many guns do you think, Gold 
                         Five.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

                                     GOLD FIVE
                              (over speaker)
                         I'd say about twenty guns. Some on 
                         the surface, some on the towers.

               Leia, Threepio, and the technicians view the projected target 
               screen, as red and blue target lights glow. The red target 
               near the center blinks on and off.

                                     MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE
                              (over speaker)
                         Death Star will be in range in five 
                         minutes.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               The three Y-wing fighters race toward camera and zoom overhead 
               through a hail of laserfire.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Leader pulls his computer targeting device down in front 
               of his eye. Laserbolts continue to batter the Rebel craft.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         Switching to targeting computer.

               INT. GOLD TWO'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Two, a younger pilot about Luke's age, pulls down his 
               targeting eye viewer and adjusts it. His ship shudders under 
               intense laser barrage.

                                     GOLD TWO
                         Computer's locked. Getting a signal.

               As the fighters begin to approach the target area, suddenly 
               all the laserfire stops. An eerie clam clings over the trench 
               as the surface whips past in a blur.

                                     GOLD TWO
                         The guns... they've stopped!

               EXT. GOLD FIVE'S COCKPIT

               Gold Five looks behind him.

                                     GOLD FIVE
                         Stabilize your read deflectors. Watch 
                         for enemy fighters.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         They've coming in! Three marks at 
                         two ten.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Three Imperial TIE ships, Darth Vader in the center flanked 
               by two wingmen, dive in precise formation almost vertically 
               toward the Death Star surface.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Darth Vader calmly adjusts his control stick as the stars 
               zoom by.

                                     VADER
                         I'll take them myself! Cover me!

                                     WINGMAN'S VOICE
                              (over speaker)
                         Yes, sir.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Three TIE fighters zoom across the surface of the Death Star.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader lines up Gold Two in his targeting computer. Vader's 
               hands grip the control stick as he presses the button.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               The cockpit explodes around Gold Two. His head falls forward.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               As Gold Two's ship explodes, debris is flung out into space.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Leader looks over his shoulder at the scene.

               EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH

               The three TIE fighters race along in the trench in a tight 
               formation.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Leader panics.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                              (into mike)
                         I can't maneuver!

               INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Five, the old veteran, trys to calm Gold Leader.

                                     GOLD FIVE
                         Stay on target.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               The Death Star races by outside the cockpit window as he 
               adjusts his targeting device.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         We're too close.

               INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               The older pilot remains calm.

                                     GOLD FIVE
                         Stay on target!

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Now he's really panicked.

                                     GOLD LEADER
                         Loosen up!

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader calmly adjusts his targeting computer and pushes the 
               fire button.

               INT. GOLD LEADER'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Leader's ship is hit by Vader's laser.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Gold Leader explodes in a ball of flames, throwing debris in 
               all directions.

               INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

               Gold Five moves in on the exhaust port.

                                     GOLD FIVE
                         Gold Five to Red Leader...

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks over his shoulder at the action outside of his 
               cockpit.

                                     GOLD FIVE
                              (over headset)
                         Lost Tiree, lost Dutch.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         I copy, Gold Five.

               INT. GOLD FIVE'S Y-WING - COCKPIT

                                     GOLD FIVE
                         They came from behind...

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               One of the engines explodes on Gold Five's Y-wing fighter, 
               blazing out of control. He dives past the horizon toward the 
               Death Star's surface, passing a TIE fighter during his 
               descent. Gold Five, a veteran of countless campaigns, spins 
               toward his death.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks nervously about him at the explosive battle.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

               Grant Moff Tarkin and a Chief Officer stand in the Death 
               Star's control room.

                                     OFFICER
                         We've analyzed their attack, sir, 
                         and there is a danger. Should I have 
                         your ship standing by?

                                     TARKIN
                         Evacuate? In out moment of triumph? 
                         I think you overestimate their 
                         chances!

               Tarkin turns to the computer readout screen. Flames move 
               around the green disk at the center of the screen, as numbers 
               read across the bottom.

                                     VOICE
                              (over speaker)
                         Rebel base, three minutes and closing.

               INT. READ LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader looks over at his wingmen.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Red Group, this is Red Leader.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Dodonna moves to the intercom as he fiddles with the computer 
               keys.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         Rendezvous at mark six point one.

                                     WEDGE
                              (over speaker)
                         This is Red Two. Flying toward you.

                                     BIGGS
                              (over speaker)
                         Red Three, standing by.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     DODONNA
                              (over headset)
                         Red Leader, this is Base One. Keep 
                         half your group out of range for the 
                         next run.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER'S VOICE
                              (over headset)
                         Copy, Base One. Luke, take Red Two 
                         and Three. Hold up here and wait for 
                         my signal... to start your run.

               Luke nods his head.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               The X-wing fighters of Luke, Biggs, and Wedge fly in formation 
               high above the Death Star's surface.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke peers out from his cockpit.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Two X-wings move across the surface of the Death Star. Red 
               Leader's X-wing drops down to the surface leading to the 
               exhaust port.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader looks around to watch for the TIE fighters. He 
               begins to perspire.

                                     RED LEADER
                         This is it!

               EXT. SPACE

               Red Leader roams down the trench of the Death Star as lasers 
               streak across the black heavens.

               EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE - GUN EMPLACEMENTS

               A huge remote-control laser cannon fires at the approaching 
               Rebel fighters.

               EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH

               The Rebel fighters evade the Imperial laser blasts.

               INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT

               Red Ten looks around for the Imperial fighters.

                                     RED TEN
                         We should be able to see it by now.

               EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH

               From the cockpits of the Rebel pilots, the surface of the 
               Death Star streaks by, with Imperial laserfire shooting toward 
               them.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         Keep your eyes open for those 
                         fighters!

               INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT

                                     RED TEN
                         There's too much interference!

               EXT. SPACE - DEATH STAR TRENCH

               Three X-wing fighters move in formation down the Death Star 
               trench.

                                     RED TEN'S VOICE
                         Red Five, can you see them from where 
                         you are?

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks down at the Death Star surface below.

                                     LUKE
                         No sign of any... wait!

               INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT

               Red Ten looks up and sees the Imperial fighters.

                                     LUKE
                              (over headset)
                         Coming in point three five.

                                     RED TEN
                         I see them.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Three TIE fighters, Vader flanked by two wingmen, dive in a 
               tight formation. The sun reflects off their dominate solar 
               fins as they loop toward the Death Star's surface.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader pulls his targeting device in front of his eyes 
               and makes several adjustments.

                                     RED LEADER
                         I'm in range.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Red Leader's X-wing moves up the Death Star trench.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         Target's coming up!

               Red Leader looks at his computer target readout screen. He 
               then looks into his targeting device.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Just hold them off for a few seconds.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader adjusts his control lever and dives on the X-wing 
               fighters.

                                     VADER
                         Close up formation.

               EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH

               The three TIE fighters move in formation across the Death 
               Star surface.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader lines up his target on the targeting device cross 
               hairs.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Vader and his wingmen zoom down the trench.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader rapidly approaches the two X-wings of Red Ten and Red 
               Twelve. Vader's laser cannon flashes below the view of the 
               front porthole. the X-wings show in the center of Vader's 
               computer screen.

               EXT. SPACE

               Red Twelve's X-wing fighter is hit by Vader's laserfire, and 
               it explodes into flames against the trench.

               INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT

               Red Ten works at his controls furiously, trying to avoid 
               Vader's fighter behind him.

               RED TEN: You'd better let her loose.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader is concentrating on his targeting device.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Almost there!

               INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT.

               Red Ten panics.

                                     RED TEN
                         I can't hold them!

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Vader and his wingmen whip through the trench in pursuit of 
               the Rebel fighters.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader cooly pushes the fire button on his control stick.

               INT. RED TEN'S COCKPIT

               Darth Vader's well-aimed laserfire proves to be unavoidable, 
               and strikes Red Ten's ship. Red Ten screams in anguish and 
               pain.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Red Ten's ship explodes and bursts into flames.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Grimly, Red Leader takes careful aim and watches his computer 
               targeting device, which shows the target lined up in the 
               cross hairs, and fires.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     RED LEADER
                         It's away!

               INT. DEATH STAR

               An armed Imperial stormtrooper is knocked to the floor from 
               the attack explosion. Other troopers scurrying about the 
               corridors are knocked against the wall and lose their balance.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others stare at the computer screen.

                                     RED NINE'S VOICE
                              (over speaker)
                         It's a hit!

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over speaker)
                         Negative.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader looks back at the receding Death Star. Tiny 
               explosions are visible in the distance.

                                     RED LEADER
                         Negative! It didn't go in. It just 
                         impacted on the surface.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR - TIE FIGHTER

               Darth Vader peels off in pursuit as Red Leader's X-wing passes 
               the Death Star horizon.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader swings his ship around for the next kill.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

                                     LUKE
                              (over headset)
                         Red Leader, we're right above you. 
                         Turn to point...

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke tries to spot Red Leader. He looks down at the Death 
               Star surface.

                                     LUKE
                         ...oh-five; we'll cover for you.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         Stay there...

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               A wary Red Leader looks about nervously.

                                     RED LEADER
                         ...I just lost my starboard engine.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks excitedly toward Red Leader's X-wing.

                                     RED LEADER
                              (over headset)
                         Get set to make your attack run.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader's gloved hands make contact with the control sticks, 
               and he presses their firing buttons.

               INT. RED LEADER'S COCKPIT

               Red Leader fights to gain control of his ship.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Laserbolts are flung from Vader's TIE fighter, connecting 
               with Red Leader's Rebel X-wing fighter. Red Leader buys it, 
               creating a tremendous explosion far below. He screams and is 
               destroyed.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks out the window of his X-wing at the explosion far 
               below. For the first time, he feels the helplessness of his 
               situation.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Grand Moff Tarkin casts a sinister eye at the computer screen.

                                     DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
                         Rebel base, one minute and closing.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Dodonna and Princess Leia, with Threepio beside them, listen 
               intently to the talk between the pilots. The room is grim 
               after Red Leader's death. Princess Leia nervously paces the 
               room.

                                     LUKE
                              (over speaker)
                         Biggs, Wedge, let's close it up. 
                         We're going in. We're going in full 
                         throttle.

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               The horizon twists as Wedge begins to pull out.

                                     WEDGE
                         Right with you, boss.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               The two X-wings peel off against a background of stars and 
               dive toward the Death Star.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

                                     BIGGS
                         Luke, at that speed will you be able 
                         to pull out in time?

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     LUKE
                         It'll be just like Beggar's Canyon 
                         back home.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               The three X-wings move in, unleashing a barrage of laserfire.  
               Laserbolts are returned from the Death Star.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

               Luke's lifelong friend struggles with his controls.

                                     BIGGS
                         We'll stay back far enough to cover 
                         you.

               INT. LUKE'S COCKPIT

               Flak and laserbolts flash outside Luke's cockpit window.

                                     WEDGE
                              (over headset)
                         My scope shows the tower, but I can't 
                         see the exhaust port! Are you sure 
                         the computer can hit it?

               EXT. DEATH STAR - GUN EMPLACEMENTS

               The Death Star laser cannon slowly rotates as it shoots 
               laserbolts.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks around for the Imperial TIE fighters. He thinks 
               for a moment and then moves his targeting device into 
               position.

                                     LUKE
                         Watch yourself! Increase speed full 
                         throttle!

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               Wedge looks excitedly about for any sign of the TIE fighters.

                                     WEDGE
                         What about the tower?

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     LUKE
                         You worry about those fighters! I'll 
                         worry about the tower!

               EXT. DEATH STAR SURFACE

               Luke's X-wing streaks through the trench, firing lasers.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke breaks into a nervous sweat as the laserfire is returned, 
               knicking one of his wings close to the engine.

                                     LUKE
                              (to Artoo)
                         Artoo... that, that stabilizer's 
                         broken loose again! See if you can't 
                         lock it down!

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Artoo works to repair the damages. The canyon wall rushes by 
               in the background, making his delicate task seem even more 
               precarious.

               EXT. DEATH STAR

               Two laser cannons are firing on the Rebel fighters.

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

               Wedge looks up and sees the TIE ships.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke's targeting device marks off the distance to the target.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Vader and his wingmen zoom closer.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader adjusts his controls and fires laserbolts at two X-
               wings flying down the trench. He scores a direct hit on Wedge.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others are grouped around the computer board.

                                     WEDGE
                              (over speaker)
                         I'm hit! I can't stay with you.

                                     LUKE
                              (over speaker)
                         Get clear, Wedge.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

                                     LUKE
                         You can't do any more good back there!

               INT. WEDGE'S COCKPIT

                                     WEDGE
                         Sorry!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Wedge pulls his crippled X-wing back away from the battle.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader watches the escape but issues a command to his wingmen.

                                     VADER
                         Let him go! Stay on the leader!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's X-wing speeds down the trench; the three TIE fighters, 
               still in perfect unbroken formation, tail close behind.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

               Biggs looks around at the TIE fighters. He is worried.

                                     BIGGS
                         Hurry, Luke, they're coming in much 
                         faster this time. I can't hold them!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               The three TIE fighters move ever closer, closing in on Luke 
               and Biggs.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks back anxiously at little Artoo.

                                     LUKE
                         Artoo, try and increase the power!

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Ignoring the bumpy ride, flak, and lasers, a beeping Artoo-
               Detoo struggles to increase the power, his dome turning from 
               side to side.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Stealthily, the TIE formation creeps closer.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader adjusts his control stick.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

               Biggs looks around at the TIE fighters.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Luke looks into his targeting device. He moves it away for a 
               moment and ponders its use. He looks back into the computer 
               targeter.

                                     BIGGS
                              (over headset)
                         Hurry up, Luke!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Vader and his wingmen race through the Death Star trench.  
               Biggs moves in to cover for Luke, but Vader gains on him.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

               Biggs sees the TIE fighter aiming at him.

                                     BIGGS
                         Wait!

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader squeezes the fire button on his controls.

               INT. BIGGS' COCKPIT

               Biggs' cockpit explodes around him, lighting him in red.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Biggs' ship bursts into a million flaming bits and scatters 
               across the surface.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others stare at the computer board.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING COCKPIT

               Luke is stunned by Biggs' death. His eyes are watering, but 
               his anger is also growing.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

               Grand Moff Tarkin watches the projected target screen with 
               satisfaction.

                                     DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
                         Rebel base, thirty seconds and 
                         closing.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader takes aim on Luke and talks to the wingmen.

                                     VADER
                         I'm on the leader.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR - LUKE'S SHIP

               Luke's ship streaks through the trench of the Death Star.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Princess Leia returns her general's worried and doubtful 
               glances with solid, grim determination. Threepio seems 
               nervous.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Hang on, Artoo!

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke concentrates on his targeting device.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Three TIE fighters charge away down the trench toward Luke.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader's finger's curls around the control stick.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke adjusts the lens of his targeting device.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's ship charges down the trench.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke lines up the yellow cross-hair lines of the targeting 
               device's screen. He looks into the targeting device, then 
               starts at a voice he hears.

                                     BEN'S VOICE
                         Use the Force, Luke.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               The Death Star trench zooms by.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke looks up, then starts to look back into the targeting 
               device. He has second thoughts.

                                     BEN'S VOICE
                         Let go, Luke.

               A grim determination sweeps across Luke's face as he closes 
               his eyes and starts to mumble Ben's training to himself.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's fighter streaks through the trench.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

                                     VADER
                         The Force is strong with this one!

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Vader follows Luke's X-wing down the trench.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke looks to the targeting device, then away as he hears 
               Ben's voice.

                                     BEN'S VOICE
                         Luke, trust me.

               Luke's hand reaches for the control panel and presses the 
               button. The targeting device moves away.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others stand watching the projected screen.

                                     BASE VOICE
                              (over speaker)
                         His computer's off. Luke, you switched 
                         off your targeting computer. What's 
                         wrong?

                                     LUKE
                              (over speaker)
                         Nothing. I'm all right.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's ship streaks ever close to the exhaust port.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

               Luke looks at the Death Star surface streaking by.

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Artoo-Detoo turns his head from side to side, beeping in 
               anticipation.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               The three TIE fighters, manned by Vader and his two wingmen, 
               follow Luke's X-wing down the trench.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader maneuvers his controls as he looks at his doomed target.  
               He presses the fire buttons on his control sticks. Laserfire 
               shoots toward Luke's X-wing fighter.

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               A large burst of Vader's laserfire engulfs Artoo. The arms 
               go limp on the smoking little droid as he makes a high-pitched 
               sound.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks frantically back over his shoulder at Artoo.

               EXT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER

               Smoke billows out around little Artoo and sparks begin to 
               fly.

                                     LUKE
                         I've lost Artoo!

               Artoo's beeping sounds die out.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others stare intently at the projected screen, 
               while Threepio watches the Princess. Lights representing the 
               Death Star and targets glow brightly.

                                     MASSASSI INTERCOM VOICE
                         The Death Star has cleared the planet. 
                         The Death Star has cleared the planet.

               INT. DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

               Tarkin glares at the projected target screen.

                                     DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
                         Rebel base, in range.

                                     TARKIN
                         You may fire when ready.

                                     DEATH STAR INTERCOM VOICE
                         Commence primary ignition.

               An officer reaches up and pushes buttons on the control panel, 
               as green lighted buttons turn to red.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               The three TIE fighters zoom down the Death Star trench in 
               pursuit of Luke, never breaking formation.

               INT. LUKE'S COCKPIT

               Luke looks anxiously at the exhaust port.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader adjusts his control sticks, checking his projected 
               targeting screen.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's ship barrels down the trench.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader's targeting computer swings around into position. Vader 
               takes careful aim on Luke's X-wing fighter.

                                     VADER
                         I have you now.

               He pushes the fire buttons.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               The three TIE fighters move in on Luke. As Vader's center 
               fighter unleashes a volley of laserfire, one of the TIE ships 
               at his side is hit and explodes into flame. The two remaining 
               ships continue to move in.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks about, wondering whose laserfire destroyed Vader's 
               wingman.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader is taken by surprise, and looks out from his cockpit.

                                     VADER
                         What?

               INT. DARTH VADER'S WINGMAN - COCKPIT

               Vader's wingman searches around him trying to locate the 
               unknown attacker.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Han and Chewbacca grin from ear to ear.

                                     HAN
                              (yelling)
                         Yahoo!

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               The Millennium Falcon heads right at the two TIE fighters.  
               It's a collision course.

               INT. WINGMAN'S COCKPIT

               The wingman spots the pirateship coming at him and warns the 
               Dark Lord.

                                     WINGMAN
                         Look out!

               EXT. DEATH STAR TRENCH

               Vader's wingman panics at the sight of the oncoming pirate 
               starship and veers radically to one side, colliding with 
               Vader's TIE fighter in the process. Vader's wingman crashes 
               into the side wall of the trench and explodes. Vader's damaged 
               ship spins out of the trench with a damaged wing.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Vader's ship spins out of control with a bent solar fin, 
               heading for deep space.

               INT. DARTH VADER'S COCKPIT

               Vader turns round and round in circles as his ship spins 
               into space.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Solo's ship moves in toward the Death Star trench.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

               Solo, smiling, speaks to Luke over his headset mike.

                                     HAN
                              (into mike)
                         You're all clear, kid.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - WAR ROOM

               Leia and the others listen to Solo's transmission.

                                     HAN
                              (over speaker)
                         Now let's blow this thing and go 
                         home!

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke looks up and smiles. He concentrates on the exhaust 
               port, then fires his laser torpedoes.

               EXT. SURFACE OF THE DEATH STAR

               Luke's torpedoes shoot toward the port and seems to simply 
               disappear into the surface and not explode. But the shots do 
               find their mark and have gone into the exhaust port and are 
               heading for the main reactor.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke throws his head back in relief.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               An Imperial soldier runs to the control panel board and pulls 
               the attack lever as the board behind him lights up.

                                     INTERCOM VOICE
                         Stand by to fire at Rebel base.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               Two X-wings, a Y-wing, and the pirateship race toward Yavin 
               in the distance.

               INT. DEATH STAR

               Several Imperial soldiers, flanking a pensive Grand Moff 
               Tarkin, busily push control levers and buttons.

                                     INTERCOM VOICE
                         Standing by.

               The rumble of a distant explosion begins.

               EXT. SPACE AROUND THE DEATH STAR

               The Rebel ships race out of sight, leaving the moon-like 
               Death Star alone against a blanket of stars. Several small 
               flashes appear on the surface. The Death Star bursts into a 
               supernova, creating a spectacular heavenly display.

               INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

                                     HAN
                         Great shot, kid. That was one in a 
                         million.

               INT. LUKE'S X-WING FIGHTER - COCKPIT

               Luke is at ease, and his eyes are closed.

                                     BEN'S VOICE
                         Remember, the Force will be with 
                         you... always.

               The ship rocks back and forth.

               EXT. DARTH VADER'S TIE FIGHTER

               Vader's ship spins off into space.

               EXT. SPACE

               The Rebel ships race toward the fourth moon of Yavin.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN HANGAR

               Luke climbs out of his starship fighter and is cheered by a 
               throng of ground crew and pilots. Luke climbs down the ladder 
               as they all welcome him with laughter, cheers, and shouting. 
               Princess Leia rushes toward him.

                                     LEIA
                         Luke! Luke! Luke!

               She throws her arms around Luke and hugs him as they dance 
               around in a circle. Solo runs in toward Luke and they embrace 
               one another, slapping each other on the back.

                                     HAN
                              (laughing)
                         Hey! Hey!

                                     LUKE
                              (laughing)
                         I knew you'd come back! I just knew 
                         it!

                                     HAN
                         Well, I wasn't gonna let you get all 
                         the credit and take all the reward.

               Luke and Han look at one another, as Solo playfully shoves 
               at Luke's face. Leia moves in between them.

                                     LEIA
                              (laughing)
                         Hey, I knew there was more to you 
                         than money.

               Luke looks toward the ship.

                                     LUKE
                         Oh, no!

               The fried little Artoo-Detoo is lifted off the back of the 
               fighter and carried off under the worried eyes of Threepio.

                                     THREEPIO
                         Oh, my! Artoo! Can you hear me? Say 
                         something!
                              (to mechanic)
                         You can repair him, can't you?

                                     TECHNICIAN
                         We'll get to work on him right away.

                                     THREEPIO
                         You must repair him! Sir, if any of 
                         my circuits or gears will help, I'll 
                         gladly donate them.

                                     LUKE
                         He'll be all right.

               INT. MASSASSI OUTPOST - MAIN THRONE ROOM

               Luke, Han, and Chewbacca enter the huge ruins of the main 
               temple. Hundreds of troops are lined up in neat rows. Banners 
               are flying and at the far end stands a vision in white, the 
               beautiful young Senator Leia. Luke and the others solemnly 
               march up the long aisle and kneel before Senator Leia. From 
               one side of the temple marches a shined-up and fully repaired 
               Artoo-Detoo. He waddles up to the group and stands next to 
               an equally pristine Threepio, who is rather awestruck by the 
               whole event. Chewbacca is confused. Dodonna and several other 
               dignitaries sit on the left of the Princess Leia. Leia is 
               dressed in a long white dress and is staggeringly beautiful.  
               She rises and places a gold medallion around Han's neck. He 
               winks at her. She then repeats the ceremony with Luke, who 
               is moved by the event. They turn and face the assembled 
               troops, who all bow before them. Chewbacca growls and Artoo 
               beeps with happiness.

                                                                  FADE OUT:

               END CREDITS OVER STARS

                                         THE END


EXT. SPACE
A vast sea of stars severas as a backdrop for the Main Title, following by a rollup, whcih crawls into infinity.

				There is unrest in the Galactic Senate
				Several hundred solar systems under
				the leadership of the rebel leader, Count
				Dooku, have decalred their intentions to
				secede from the Republic.

				This separatist movement has made it
				difficult for the limited number of
				Jedi Kights to maintain peace and
				order in the galaxy.

				Senator Amidala, the former Queen of
				Naboo, is returning to Coruscant
				to vote on the critical issue
				of creating an army to assist the
				overwhelmed Jedi.

PAN UP to reveal the amber city planet of Coruscant. A yellow Naboo Fighter flies OVER CAMERA toward the planet, followed by a large Royal Cruiser and two more Fighters.

EXT. CITYSCAPE, CORUSCANT - DAWN
The ships skim across the surface of the city landscape. The sun glints off the chrome hulls of the sleek Naboo spacecraft as they navigate between the buildings of the capital planet.

EXT. CORUSCANT, LANDING PLATFORM - DAWN
Two Naboo Fighters land on one leaf of a three-leaf-clover landing platform. The Royal Starship lands on the central lead, and the third Fighter lands on the remaining plaform.

A small GROUP OF DIGNITARIES waits to welcome the Senator. One of the members of the group os a well dressed JAR JAR BINKS, a member of the Galactic Representative Commission, and DORME, Senator Amidala's handmaiden.

One of the FIGHTER PILOTS jumps from the wing of his ship and removes his helmet. He is CAPTAIN TYPHO, SENATOR AMIDALA'S Security Officer. He moves over to a WOMAN PILOT.

CAPTAIN TYPHO
We made it. I guess I was wrong,
there was no danger at all.

The ramp ;pwers. TWO NABOO GUARDS appear. SENATOR AMIDALA, ONE HANDMAIDEN (VERSE) and FOUR TROOPERS descend the ramp. AMIDALA is more beautiful now than she was ten years earlier when, as Queen, she was freeing her people from the yoke of the Trade Federation.

The DIGNITARIES start to move forward. SENATOR AMIDALA reaches the foot of the ramp, when suddenly there is a blinding FLASH and a huge EXPLOSION. The DIGNITARIES and PILOTS are hurled to the ground as the starship is destroyed.

Klaxons blare, alarms sound! CAPTAIN TYPHO and the TWO ESCORT PILOTS get up and run to where SENATOR AMIDALA lies dying. Beyond, ARTOO DETOO drops down from the Naboo Fighter and rolls toward the wreckage. The FEMALE ESCORT PILOT kneels by SENATOR AMIDALA and takes off her helmet, revealing SENATOR PADME AMIDALA.

				PADM 
			Cord...

She gathers up her decoy double in her arms. Cord's eyes are open. She looks up at her.

				CORD
			... I'm sorry, m'lady... I'm... not sure I... 

CORD dies. PADM hugs her.

				AMIDALA
			No!... No!... No!...

PADM lowers CORD to the ground. She gets up and looks around at the devastation. There are tears in her eyes.

				AMIDALA
			I should not have come back.

				CAPTAIN TYPHO
			M'Lady, you are still in danger.

Amidala says nothing.

				CAPTAIN TYPHO
			This vote is very important. You did
			your duty and Cord did hers. Now
			come. (she doesn't respond) M'Lady,
			please!

She turns. They walk away. ARTOO lets out a small whimper and rolls off after them.

EXT. SENATE BUILDING - DAY 
The massive Senate Building glistens in the afternoon sun. Small patches of fog have still to burn off.

INT. SENATE CHAMBER - DAY
The vast rotunda is buzzing with chatter. MAS AMEDDA, the Supreme Chancellor's majordomo, tries to quiet things down as PALPATINE confers with an AIDE, UV GIZEN, riding a small one man floating scooter.

				MAS AMEDDA
			Order! We shall have order! The motion
			for the Republic to commission an army
			takes precedent, and that is what we
			will vote on at this time.

Everything quiets down. The AIDE disperses, and SUPREME CHANCELLOR PALPATINE steps to the podium.

				PALPATINE
			...My esteemed colleagues, excuse
			me... I have just received some
			tragic and disturbing news. Senator
			Amidala of the Naboo system... Has
			been assassinated!

There is a shock silence in the vast arena.

				PALPATINE
				(continued)
			This grievous blow is especially
			personal to me. Before I became
			Chancellor, I served Amidala when
			she was Queen. She was a great
			leader who fought for justice, not
			only in this honourable assembly,
			but also on her home planet. She
			was so loved she could have been
			elected queen for life. She
			believed in public service, and
			she fervently believed in
			democracy. Her death is a great
			loss to us all. We will all mourn
			her as a relentless champion of
			freedom... and as a dear friend.

There is a moment of silence. ASK AAK, the SENATOR of MALASTARE, moves his pod into the centre of the arena.

				SENATOR ASK AAK
			How many more Senators will die
			before this civil strife ends! We
			must confront these rebels now,
			and they need an army to do it.

A second pod moves into the centre of the area with DARSANA, the 
AMBASSADOR OF GLEE ANSELM.

				AMBASSADOR DARSANA
			Why weren't the Jedi able to stop
			this assassination? We are no
			longer safe, under their protection.

Senator ORN FREE TAA swings forward in his pod.

				ORN FREE TAA
			The Republic needs more security
			now! Before it comes to war.

				PALPATINE
			Must I remind the Senator from
			Malastare that negotiations are
			continuing with the separatists.
			Peace is our objective here... not
			war.

The SENATORS yell pro and con. MAS AMEDDA tries to calm things down. SENATOR PADME AMIDALA, with CAPTAIN TYPHO, JAR JAR, and DORME, manoeuvre her pod into the centre of the vast arena.

				AMIDALA
			My noble colleagues, I concur with
			the Supreme Chancellor. At all
			costs, we do not want war!

The Senate goes quiet, then there is an outburst of cheering and 
applause.

				PALPATINE
			It is with great surprise and
			joy the chair recognises the
			Senator from Naboo, Padm Amidala.

				PADM
			Less than an hour ago, an
			assassination attempt was made
			against my life. One of my
			bodyguards and six  others were
			ruthlessly and senselessly
			murdered. I was the target but,
			more importantly, I believe this
			security measure before you, was
			the target. I have led the
			opposition to build an army... but
			there is someone in this body who
			will stop at nothing to assure it's
			passage...

Many of the SENATORS boo and yell at SENATOR AMIDALA.

				PADM
			 	(continuing)
			I warn you, if you vote to create
			this army, war will follow. I
			have experienced the misery of war 
			first-hand; I do not wish to do it
			again.

There is sporadic yelling for and against her statements.

				PADM
			Wake up, Senators... you must wake
			up! If you offer the separatists
			violence, they can only show us
			violence in return! Many will
			lose their lives. All will lose
			their freedom. This decision
			could very well destroy the very
			foundation of our great Republic.
			I pray you do not let fear push
			you into a disastrous decision.
			Vote down this security measure,
			which is nothing less than a
			declaration of war! Does anyone
			here want that? I cannot believe
			they do.

There is an undercurrent of booing... and groaning. SENATOR ORN FREE TAA moves his pod next to AMIDALA.

				ORN FREE TAA
			My motion to defer the vote must
			be dealt with first. That is the
			rule of law.

AMIDALA looks angry and frustrated. PALPATINE gives her a sympathetic look.

				PALPATINE
			Due to the lateness of the hour
			and the seriousness of this
			motion, we will take up these
			matters tomorrow. Until then, the
			Senate stands adjourned.

EXT. EXECUTIVE QUARTERS BUILDING - DAY 
The giant towers of the Republic Executive Building seem to reach the heavens. Traffic clogs the smoggy sky.

INT. CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE - DAY 
CHANCELLOR PALPATINE sits behind his desk with TWO RED-CLAD ROYAL GUARDS on either side of the door. YODA, PLOT KOON, KI-AD-MUNDI, and MACE WINDU sit acress from him.

				PALPATINE
			I don't know how much longer I can
			hold off the vote, my friends.
			More and more star systems are
			joining the separatists.

				MACE WINDU
			If they do break away -

				PALPATINE
			No! I will not let that happen!

				MACE WINDU
			But if they do, you must realise
			there aren't enough Jedi to
			protect the Republic. We are
			keepers of the peace, not soldiers.

				PALPATINE
			Master Yoda, do you think it will
			really come to war?

YODA closes his eyes.

				YODA
			Worse than war, I fear... Much
			worse. 

				PALPATINE
			What?

				MACE WINDU
			What do you sense, Master?

				YODA
			Impossible to see ... The Dark Side
			clouds everything. But this I am
			sure of -
				(opens his eyes)
			Do their duty the Jedi will.

A muted BUZZER SOUNDS. A hologram of an AIDE, DAR WAC, appears on the Chancellor's desk.

				DAR WAC
			The loyalist committee has arrived,
			my Lord. 

				PALPATINE
			Send them in.

They all stand as SENATOR AMIDALA, CAPTAIN TYPHO, JAR JAR, MAS AMEDDA, DORME, and SENATORS BAIL ORGANA, HOROX RYYDER and ORN FREE TAA enter the office. YODA and MACE WINDU move to greet the SENATOR, YODA taps AMIDALA with his cane.

				YODA
			With you the force is strong...
			young Senator. To see you alive
			brings warm feeling to my heart.

				PADM
			Thank you, Master Yoda. Do you
			have any idea who was behind
			the attack?

				MACE WINDU
			Our intelligence points to
			disgruntled spice miners, on
			the moons of Naboo.

				PADM
			I don't wish to disagree but I
			think that Count Dooku was behind
			it.

There is a stir of surprise.

				MACE WINDU
			You know, M'Lady, Count Dooku
			was once a Jedi. He wouldn't
			assassinate anyone, it is not in
			his character.

				KI-ADI-MUNDI
			He is a political idealist, not
			a murderer.

				YODA
			In dark times nothing is what it
			appears to be, but the fact remains
			Senator, in grave danger you are.

PALPATINE gets up, walks to the window, and looks out at the vast city.

				PALPATINE
			Count Dooku has always avoided
			any kind of conflict. It appears
			he has no desire to start a war.
			Why would he kill you? To what end?

				PADM 
			I don't know, but everything in my
			being tells me he was behind it... 

After gazing out of the window for several moments Palpatine turns to 
Mace.

				PALPATINE
			Master Jedi, may I suggest that
			the Senator be placed under the
			protection of your graces.

				BAIL ORGANA
			Do you think that is a wise use
			of manpower during these stressful
			times?

				PADM
			Chancellor, if I may comment, I
			do not believe the...

				PALPATINE
			..."situation is that serious."
			No, but I do, Senator.

				PADM
			Chancellor, please! I don't want
			any more guards!

				PALPATINE
			I realise all too well that
			additional security might be
			disruptive for you, but perhaps
			someone you are familiar with... an
			old friend like... Master Kenobi...

PALPATINE nods to MACE WINDU, who nods back.

				MACE WINDU
			That's possible. He has just
			returned from a Border dispute on
			Ansion.

				PALPATINE
			You must remember him, M'Lady...
			he watched over you during the
			blockade conflict.

				PADM
			This is not necessary, Chancellor.

				PALPATINE
			Do it for me, M'Lady, please. I
			will rest easier. We had a big
			scare today. The thought of
			losing you is unbearable.

AMIDALA sighs as the JEDI get up to leave.

				MACE WINDU
			I will have Obi-Wan report to you
			immediately, M'Lady.

YODA leans into her ear.

				YODA
			Too little about yourself you
			worry, Senator, and too much about
			politics. Be mindful of your
			danger, Padm. Accept our help.

As the JEDI leave the office, PALPATINE continues to pace behind his desk.

				PALPATINE
			I will not like this Republiv, that
			has stood for over a thousand
			years, be split in two

EXT. SENATE APARTMENTS - TWILIGHT
A graceful skyscraper twinkles in the evening light of Coruscant.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, APARTMENT CORRIDOR - EVENING
The door to the apartment slides open. JAR JAR walks into the corridor, where TWO JEDI are exiting the elevator. He recognises OBI-WAN and becomes extremely excited, jumping around, shaking his hand.

				JAR JAR
			Obi! Obi! Obi! Mesa sooo smilen
			to see'en yousa. Wahoooooo!

OBI-WAN smiles.

				OBI-WAN
			It's Good to see you, too, Jar Jar.

				JAR JAR
			Oops! Wheresa mesa manners?
			Excuse me, Master Obi-Wan. I
			completely forgot myself for
			a moment there. I have had to learn
			Diplodiaclect... speak it like a
			native now. Don't really see the
			point, actually, but members of
			the Senate seem to prefer it...

JAR JAR notices OBI-WAN'S APPRENTICE.

				JAR JAR
				(continuing)
			...and this, I take it, is your
			apprentice... Nooooooooo! Annie?
			Noooooooo! Little Bitty Annie?
				(Looks at Anakin)
			Nooooooo! Yousa so biggen!
			Yiyiyiyyi! Annie!! Mesa no
			believen.

				ANAKIN
			Hi, Jar Jar.

JAR JAR grabs hold of ANAKIN and envelops him in a big hug.

				JAR JAR
			Annie! Annie! Yiyiyiyiyiyiiii!

INT. SENATE BUILDING, APARTMENT - EVENING
PADME is in a conference with CAPTAIN TYPHO and DORME. JAR JAR enters the room, followed by the TWO JEDI.

				JAR JAR
			Lookie... lookie... Oops!... Oh,
			dear, I'm afraid I've forgotten
			myself again.

PADME and TYPHO rise as OBI-WAN and ANAKIN stop before the SENATOR. OBI-WAN steps forward. ANAKIN stares at PADME. She glances at him.

				OBI-WAN
			It's a great pleasure to see you again,
			M'Lady.

				PADM
			It has been far too long Master
			Kenobi. I'm so glad our paths
			have crossed again... but I must
			warn you that I think your
			presence here is unnecessary.

				OBI-WAN
			I'm sure the Jedi Council have
			their reasons.

She moves in front of ANAKIN

				PADM
			Annie??
				(stares)
			My goodness you've grown.

They look at each other for a long moment.

				ANAKIN
				(trying to be smooth)
			So have you... grown more
			beautiful, I mean... and much
			shorter... for a Senator, I mean.

OBI-WAN looks disapprovingly at his apprentice. PADME laughs and shakes her head.

				PADM
			Oh Annie, you'll always be that
			little boy I knew on Tatooine.

This embarrasses ANAKIN, and he looks down. OBI-WAN and CAPTAIN TYPHO smile.

				OBI-WAN
			Our presence will be invisible,
			M'Lady.

				CAPTAIN TYPHO
			I am very grateful you are here,
			Master Kenobi. The situation is
			more dangerous than the Senator
			will admit.

				PADM
			I don't need more security, I need
			answers. I want to know who is
			trying to kill me.

				OBI-WAN
				(frowning)
			We're here to protect you
			Senator, not to start an
			investigation.

				ANAKIN
			We will find out who is trying to
			kill you Padm, I promise you.

He's done it again. He bites his lip in frustration and shame. OBI-WAN gives ANAKIN a dirty look.

				OBI-WAN
			We are not going to exceed our
			mandate, my young Padawan learner.

				ANAKIN
			I meant in the interest of
			protecting her, Master, of course.

				OBI-WAN
			We are not going through this
			exercise again, Anakin. You will
			pay attention to my lead.

				ANAKIN
			Why?

				OBI-WAN
			What??!!

				ANAKIN
			Why else do you think we were
			assigned to her, if not to find
			the killer? Protection is a job
			for local security... not Jedi.
			It's overkill, Master.
			Investigation is implied in our
			mandate.

				OBI-WAN
			We will do as the Council has
			instructed, and you will learn
			your place, young one.

				PADM
			Perhaps with merely your presence,
			the mysteries surrounding this
			threat will be revealed.  Now if
			you will excuse me I will retire.

Everyone gives AMIDALA a slight bow as she and DORME leave the room.

				CAPTAIN TYPHO
			Well, I know I feel a lot better
			having you here.
			I'll have an officer on every
			floor and I'll be at the command
			centre downstairs.

				JAR JAR 
			Mesa busten wit happiness seein
			Yousa again, Annie. Deesa bad
			times, bombad times.

Captain Typho leaves.

				ANAKIN
			She didn't even recognise me, Jar
			Jar. I thought about her every
			day since we parted... and she's
			forgotten me completely.

				JAR JAR
			Shesa happy. Happier den mesa
			see-en her in longo time.

				OBI-WAN
			Anakin, you're focusing on the
			Negative again. Be mindful of your
			thoughts. She was glad to see us.
			Now lets check the security here.

				ANAKIN
			Yes, my master.

EXT. JEDI TEMPLE - EVENING
The vast Jedi Temple sits on an endless flat plain, silhouetted by a against the traffic-filled sky.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, CORRIDOR - EVENING
MACE WINDU and YODA walk down the long hallways, silhouetted by a lit room at the end.

				MACE WINDU
			Why couldn't we see this attack on
			the Senator?

				YODA
			Masking the future, is this
			disturbance in the Force.

				MACE WINDU
			The propecy is coming true, the
			Dark Side is growing.

				YODA
			And only those who have turned to
			the Dark Side can sense the
			possibilities of the future. Only
			going through the Dark Side can we
			see.

				MACE WINDU
			It's been ten years, and the Sith
			still have no shown themselves.
			Do you think they are behind this?

				YODA
			...Out there, they are. A
			certainty that is.

				MACE WINDU
			Do you think Obi-Wan's apprentice
			will be able to bring balance to
			the Force?

				YODA
			Only if he chooses to follow his
			destiny.

There is a long silence as they walk away. Only footsteps are heard.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM - NIGHT
PADME is asleep in her bed, lit only by the light of the city outside her window coming through the blinds. ARTOO stands in the corner of the bedroom. His power is off.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, MAIN R0OM - NIGHT
ANAKIN is standing in the living room. He is in a meditative state. It is quiet. We hear DISTANT FOOTSTEPS in the corridor outside the apartment. Suddenly ANAKIN'S eyes pop open. His eyes dart around the room. He reaches for his lightsaber, then smiles and puts it back in his belt.

The door to the apartment slides open, and OBI-WAN enters.

				OBI-WAN
			Captain Typho has more than enough
			men downstairs. No assassin will
			try that way. Any activity up
			here?

				ANAKIN
			Quiet as a tomb. I don't like
			just waiting here for something to
			happen to her.

OBI-WAN checks a palm-sized view scanner he has pulled out of his utility belt. It shows a shot of ARTOO by the door, but no sign of PADME on the bed.

				OBI-WAN
			What's going on?

ANAKIN shrugs.

				ANAKIN
			She covered that camera. I don't
			think she liked me watching her.

				OBI-WAN
			What is she thinking?

				ANAKIN
			She programmed Artoo to warn us if
			there's an intruder.

				OBI-WAN
			It's not an intruder I'm worried
			about. There are many other ways
			to kill a Senator.

				ANAKIN
			I know, but we also want to catch
			this assassin. Don't we, Master?

				OBI-WAN
			You're using her as bait??

				ANAKIN
			It was her idea... No harm will
			come to her. I can sense
			everything going on in that room.
			Trust me.

				OBI-WAN
			It's too risky... and your senses
			aren't that attuned, young
			apprentice.

				ANAKIN
			And yours are?

				OBI-WAN
			Possibly.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM - NIGHT
As PADME sleeps, a PROBE DROID approaches outside her window. It sends out several small arms that attach to the window, creating sparks that shut down the security system. Then a large arm cuts a small hole in the glass. A FAINT SOUND is heard as the small section of glass is removed from the window.

ARTOO wakes up, and his lights go on. The PROBE DROID freezes. ARTOO looks around, makes a PLAINTIVE LITTLE SOUND, then shuts down again. The PROBE DROID attaches a little tube to the window. TWO DEADLY LOOKING CENTIPEDE-LIKE KOUHUNS exit the tube, crawl through the blinds and head toward the sleeping PADME.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, MAIN ROOM - NIGHT
ANAKIN and OBI-WAN continue their conversation in the main room of the apartment.

				OBI-WAN 
			You look tired.

				ANAKIN
			I don't sleep well, anymore.

				OBI-WAN 
			Because of your mother?

				ANAKIN
			I don't know why I keep dreaming
			About her now. I haven't seen her
			since I was little.

				OBI-WAN
			Dreams pass in time.

				ANAKIN
			I'd rather dream of Padm. Just
			Being around her again is...
			intoxicating.

				OBI-WAN
			Mind your thoughts, Anakin, they
			betray you. You've made a
			commitment to the Jedi order... a
			commitment not easily broken...
			and don't forget she's a
			politician. They're not to be
			trusted.

				ANAKIN 
			She's not like the others in the
			Senate, Master.

				OBI-WAN
			It's been my experience that
			Senators are only focused on
			pleasing those who fund their
			campaigns... and they are more
			than willing to forget the
			niceties of democracy to get those
			funds.

				ANAKIN
			Not another lecture, Master. Not
			on the economics of politics....
			It's too early in the morning... and
			besides, you're generalising. The
			Chancellor doesn't appear to
			be corrupt.

				OBI-WAN
			Palpatine's a politician, I've
			observed that he is very clever at
			following the passions and
			prejudices of the Senators.

				ANAKIN
			I think he is a good man. My
			instincts are very positive
			about...

ANAKIN looks stunned. He looks sharply at OBI-WAN

				OBI-WAN
			I sense it, too.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT, BEDROOM - NIGHT
ARTOO sounds an alarm and shines a light on the bed. THE KOUHUNS are inches from PADME'S face. Their mouths are open, and wicked stinger tongues flick out.


OBI-WAN and ANAKIN burst into the room. The KOUHUNS stand on their hind legs and hiss as PADME wakes up. ANAKIN throws himself in front of her, whacking in half the deadly creatures with his lightsaber.

OBI-WAN sees the DROID outside the window and raqces straight at it, crashing through the blinds as he goes through the window.

EXT. WINDOW LEDGE, APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
OBI-WAN flies through the glass window and flings himself at the PROBE DROID, grabbing onto the deadly machine before it can flee. The PROBE DROID sinks under the weight of OBI-WAN but manages to stay afloat and fly away, with the Jedi hanging on for dear life, a hundred stories above the city.

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
ANAKIN and PADME stare at the sight of OBI-WAN being carried off by the DROID. ANAKIN turns to her. She pulls her nightdress around her shoulders.

				ANAKIN
			Stay here!

CAPTAIN TYPHO, with TWO GUARDS and DORME, enter the room as Anakin dashes out.

EXT. CITYSCAPE, CORUSCANT - NIGHT
The PROBE DROID sends several protective electrical shocks across its surface, causing OBI-WAN to almost lose his grip. As they dart in and out of the speeder traffic, OBI-WAN disconnects a wire on the back of the DROID. Its power shuts off! OBI-WAN and the DROID drop like rocks. OBI-WAN realises the error of his ways and quickly puts the wire back. The DROID'S systems light up again and it takes off. 

EXT. SENATE APARTMENTS - ENTRANCE - NIGHT
ANAKIN charges out of the building and runs to a line of parked speeders. He vaults into an open one and takes off, gunning it fast toward the lines of speeder traffic high above.

EXT. CITYSCAPE, CORUSCANT - NIGHT
The DROID bumps against a wall, hoping to knock the Jedi loose. It moves behind a speeder afterburner to scorch him. It takesthe JEDI wildly between buildings and finally skims across a rooftop as OBI-WAN is forced to lift his legs, tenaciously hanging onto the DROID. The DROID heads for a dirty, beat-up speeder hidden in an alcove of a building about twenty stories up. When the pilot of the speeder, a scruffy bounty hunter called ZAM WESELL, sees the DROID approach with OBI-WAN hanging on, she pulls a long rifle out of the speeder and starts to fire at the JEDI. EXPLOSIONS burst all around OBI-WAN.

				OBI-WAN
			I have a bad feeling about this.

FINALLY, the DROID suffers a direct hit and blows up. OBI-WAN falls fifty stories, until a speeder drops down next to him, and he manages to grab onto the back end of the speeder and haul himself toward the cockpit. The JEDI struggles to climb into the passenger seat of the open speeder and sit down next to the driver, ANAKIN.

				ANAKIN
			That was wacky! I almost lost you
			in the traffic.

				OBI-WAN
			What took you so long?

				ANAKIN
			Oh, you know, Master, I couldn't
			find a speeder I really liked,
			with an open cockpit... and with
			the right speed capabilities...
			and then you know I had to get a
			really gonzo color...

They zoom upward in hot pursuit of ZAM asshe fires out the open window at them with her laser pistol.

				OBI-WAN
			If you'd spend as much time
			working on your saber skills as
			you do on your wit, young Padawan,
			you would rival Master Yoda as a
			swordsman.

				ANAKIN
			I thought I already did.

				OBI-WAN
			Only in your mind, my very young
			apprentice. Careful!! Hey, easy!!

As this conversation is going on, ANAKIN deftly moves in and out of the oncoming traffic, across lanes, between buildings, and miraculously through a construction site. ZAM WESELL continues firing at them.

				ANAKIN
			Sorry, I forgot you don't like
			flying, Master.

				OBI-WAN
			I don't mind flying... but
			what you're doing is suicide!

They barely miss a commuter train

				ANAKIN
			Master, you know I've been flying
			since before I could walk. I'm very
			good at this.

				OBI-WAN
			Just slow down!

ZAM WESSEL and the JEDI race through a line of cross-traffic made up of giant trucks. The speeders bank sideways as they slide around right-angle turns between buildings. ZAM races into a tram tunnel.

				OBI-WAN
				(continuing)
			Wait! Don't go in there!

ANAKIN zooms into the tunnel after ZAM. They see a tram coming at them. They brake, turn around, and race out, barely ahead of the charging commuter transport.

				OBI-WAN
				(continuing)
			You know I don't like it when you
			do that!

				ANAKIN
			Sorry, Master. Don't worry, this
			guy's gonna kill himself any
			minute now!

ZAM WESSEL turns into oncoming traffic, deliberately trying to throw the JEDI off. Oncoming speeders swerve, trying to avoid ZAM and the JEDI. ZAM does a quick, tight loop-over and ends up behind the JEDI. She is now in a much better position to fire at them with her laser pistol. To avoid being hit by the laser bolts, ANAKIN slams on the brakes and moves alongside ZAM. She now fires point-blank at OBI-WAN.

				OBI-WAN
			What are you doing? He's gonna
			blast me!

				ANAKIN
			Right - this isn't working.

ANAKIN slides underneath Zam's speeder. They race along in traffic, one speeder right on top of the other. The BOUNTY HUNTER skims over the rooftops, causing ANAKIN to drop behind. ANAKIN goes through his gears, zooming around traffic. They race at high speed across a wide, flat surface of the city planet. A large spacecraft almost collides with them as it attempts to land. They round a corner and clip a flag, which gets caught on one of the front air scoops.

				OBI-WAN
			That was too close!

				ANAKIN
			Clear that!

				OBI-WAN
			What??

				ANAKIN
			Clear the flag! We're losing
			power! Hurry!

OBI-WAN leans out of the speeder, then crawls out onto the front engine, pulling the flag free of the scoop. The speeder lurches forward with a surge of power.

				OBI-WAN
			Whooooaaa! Don't do that! I
			don't  like it when you do that!

				ANAKIN
			So sorry, Master.

They chase the BOUNTY HUNTER through a power refinery.

				OBI-WAN
			It's dangerous near those power
			couplings! Slow down! Don't go
			through there!

Huge electrical bolts shoot between the buildings as the speeders pass.

				OBI-WAN
				(continuing)
			Yiiii, what are you doing?

				ANAKIN
			Sorry, Master!

				OBI-WAN
				(sarcastically)
			Oh, that was good...

				ANAKIN
			That was crazy!!!

ZAM slides around a corner sideways, blocking an alley, firing point-blank as ANAKIN approaches.

				ANAKIN
				(continuing)
			Ahh, damn.

				OBI-WAN
			Stop!!

				ANAKIN
			No, we can make it.

ANAKIN barely misses the BOUNTY HUNTER'S speeder as he dives under it, and through a small gap in the building hitting several pipes and going wildly out of control. ANAKIN struggles to regain control of the speeder, narrowly missing a crane, barely clipping a pair of giant struts. A giant gasball shoots up, causing ANAKIN to spin and bump a building, stalling the speeder.

				OBI-WAN
			I'm crazy... I'm crazy... I'm
			crazy.

				ANAKIN
			But it worked... we made it.

				OBI-WAN
				(angrily)
			It didn't work... we've stalled!
			And you almost got us killed!

				ANAKIN
			I think we're still alive.

ANAKIN works to get the speeder started. It quickly races to life.

				OBI-WAN
				(very angrily)
			It was stupid!

				ANAKIN
				(sheepishly)
			I could have made it...

				OBI-WAN
				(furious)
			But you didn't!!! And now we've
			lost him.

Suddenly, there is an ambush. Laser bolts fire everywhere. EXPLOSIONS surround them. They look up to see ZAM WESSEL take off.

				ANAKIN
			No we didnt...

Out of a cloud of smoke and ball of flames the JEDI tear after ZAM. They are smoking. OBI-WAN slaps out the small fire on the dashboard. ZAM goes up and down, through cross-traffic. There is a near miss as a speeder almost hits them. ZAM turns down and left between two buildings. ANAKIN pulls up and to the right

				OBI-WAN
			Where are you going?! He went
			down there, the other way.

				ANAKIN
			This is a shortcut... I think.

				OBI-WAN
			What do you mean, You think?
			What kind of shortcut?! He went
			completely the other way! Youve
			lost him!

				ANAKIN
			Master, if we keep this chase
			going, that creeps gonna end up
			deep fried. Personally, Id very
			much like to find out who in the
			hell he is and who hes working
			for...

				OBI-WAN
				(sarcastic)
			Oh, so thats why were going in
			the wrong direction.

ANAKIN turns up a side street, zooming up several small passageways, then stops, hovering about fifty stories up.

				OBI-WAN
				(continuing)
			Well, you lost him.

				ANAKIN
			Im deeply sorry, Master.

ANAKIN looks around front and back. He spots something. He seems to 
start counting to himself as he watches something below approach.

				ANAKIN
				(continuing)
			Excuse me for a moment.

ANAKIN jumps out of the speeder. OBI-WAN looks down and sees Zams speeder about five stories below them cruising past. ANAKIN miraculously lands on top of the Bounty Hunters speeder. The speeder wobbles under the impact. ZAM looks up and realises what has happened.

ZAM takes off, and ANAKIN slides to the back strut and almost slips off, but manages to hang on. ANAKIN works his way back to the speeders cockpit, just as ZAM stops suddenly, and ANAKIN flies forward to the left front fork. ZAM shoots at him with a laser pistol. There is a BLAST near ANAKIN'S hand, which breaks off a piece of the speeder. ANAKIN slides to the right fork of the speeder, where ZAM cant reach him. He scrambles to the top, holding onto an air scoop.

OBI-WAN has jumped into the drivers seat of his speeder and is deftly gaining on the rogue speeder. The two speeders dive through oncoming traffic and then through cross traffic. Finally, ANAKIN is able to get hold of his lightsaber and starts to cut his way through the roof of the speeder. ZAM takes out her laser pistol and starts firing at the helpless JEDI, knocking the sword out of his hand. OBI-WAN races under the speeder and catches the Jedi weapon in the passengers seat.

ANAKIN sticks his hand into the cockpit and, using the Force, pulls the gun out of ZAMS hand. She grabs the Jedis hand, and they struggle for the weapon. It goes off, blowing a hole in the floor of the speeder. The speeder careens wildly out of control. ZAM struggles to pull the speeder out of its nose dive. OBI-WAN gets slowed down by traffic and loses sight of the Bounty Hunters speeder.

Just as the dragster is about to nose dive into the ground, ZAM pulls it out, and it slides hard on the pavement in a shower of sparks. ANAKIN goes flying into the street.

EXT. ENTERTAINMENT STREET - NIGHT
ZAM exits the crashed speeder and runs. ANAKIN picks himself up off the pavement and runs down the very crowded street.

It's the seedy underbelly of the city. Broken sidewalks, garish lights reflected on the filthy puddles. It's pretty crowded with various ALIEN LOW-LIFES, PANHANDLING DROIDS, and the occasional group of UPPERCLASS SLUMMERS.

ANAKIN barges into several of them as he chases after the fleeing ZAM. He loses the Bounty Hunter in the crowd, them sees him again. The young Jedi is having a very difficult time getting through the crowd.

Ahead, ZAM turns in through a door and disappears.

A nightclub sighs is flashing over the door. ANAKIN is just about to follow ZAM when there is a sudden swirl of litter from downthrusters. PEOPLE start moving out of the way, and the open speeder lands in the street beside him. OBI-WAN gets out and walks over, holding out ANAKIN'S lightsaber.

				OBI-WAN
			Anakin!

				ANAKIN
			She went into that club, Master.

				OBI-WAN
			Patience.

OBI-WAN hands ANAKIN the lightsaber.

				OBI-WAN
			 	(continuing)
			Here. Next time try not to lose it.

				ANAKIN
			Sorry, Master.

ANAKIN reaches for the lightsaber, but OBI-WAN holds it back.

				OBI-WAN
			A Jedi's saber is his most
			precious possession.

				ANAKIN
			Yes, Master.

He reaches for the lightsaber, OBI-WAN pulls it back.

				OBI-WAN
			He must keep it with him at all
			times.

				ANAKIN
			I know, Master.

				OBI-WAN
			This weapon is your life!

				ANAKIN
			I've heard this lesson before...

OBI-WAN finally holds out the lightsaber and ANAKIN grabs it.

				OBI-WAN
			But, you haven't learned anything,
			Anakin.

				ANAKIN
			I try, Master.

INT. NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT
OBI-WAN and ANAKIN enter the nightclub bar, and everyone stares at them

				OBI-WAN
			Why do I think you are going to be
			the death of me?!

				ANAKIN
			Don't say that Master... You're
			the closest thing I have to a
			father... I love you. I don't want
			to cause you pain.

				OBI-WAN
			Then why don't you listen to me?!

				ANAKIN
			I will. I'll do better, I promise.

				OBI-WAN
			Do you see him him?

				ANAKIN
			I think he's a she...

				OBI-WAN
			Then be extra careful...
				(nods to a room)
			Check it out.

OBI-WAN goes away.

				ANAKIN
			Where are you going, Master?

				OBI-WAN
			To get a drink.

OBI-WAN heads for the bar. ANAKIN blinks in surprise, then moves into the room, where ALIEN FACES look back at him with hostility, suspicion, and invitation as he moves among the tables. OBI-WAN arrives at the bar. He signals the BARMAN.

CLOSE - Somewhere in the room a HAND moves to a pistol in its holster and unsnaps the safety catch. At the bar, a glass is placed in from of OBI-WAN. A drink is poured. He lifts the glass.

				ELAN SLEAZEBAGGANO
			Wanna buy some death sticks?

OBI-WAN looks at him. He moves his fingers slightly.

				OBI-WAN
			You don't want to sell me death-
			sticks.

				ELAN
			I don't want to sell you death-
			sticks.

OBI-WAN moves his fingers.

				OBI-WAN
			You want to go home and rethink 
			your life.

				ELAN
			I want to go home and rethink my
			life.

He leaves. OBI-WAN lifts the drink and tosses it back.

CLOSE. The gun is drawn from its holster and held down out of sight. The BOUNTY HUNTER starts to move toward the bar.

ANAKIN checks out ALIEN FACES. OBI-WAN signals for another drink. The gun moves toward his unsuspecting back.

The drink is poured. OBI-WAN reaches for it. The gun is raised to aim directly at his back, and suddenly OBI-WAN turns fast. His lightsaber flashes. There is a shrill SCREAM and ZAM'S ARM hits the floor. The gun drops from its twitching fingers. Blood spreads.

The room is silent. ALIENS rise menacingly from their seats, and ANAKIN is suddenly at OBI-WAN's side, his lightsaber glowing.

				ANAKIN
			Easy... Official business. Go
			back to your drinks.

Slowly, the ALIENS sit. Conversation resumes. Onstage, THE PERFORMERS pick up their routine. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN lift ZAM and carry her out.

EXT. ALLEY OUTSIDE NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT
OBI-WAN and ANAKIN carry ZAM into the alley and lower her to the ground. OBI-WAN attends to her wounded shoulder. She stares up hatefully at ANAKIN. She winces in pain, then nods.

				OBI-WAN
			Do you know who it was you were
			trying to kill?

				ZAM WESSEL
			The Senator from Naboo.

				OBI-WAN
			Who hired you?

ZAM glares at OBI-WAN.

				ZAM WESSEL
			It was just a job.

				ANAKIN
			Tell us!

				ZAM WESSEL
			That Senator's gonna die soon
			anyway, and the next one won't
			make the same mistake I did...

				OBI-WAN
			This wound's going to need
			treatment.

				ANAKIN
			Who hired you? Tell us... tell us
			now!

ZAM glares hatefully.

				ZAM
			It was a Bounty Hunter called...

There is a sudden FTZZZ sound. ZAM twitches. She blinks in surprise and dies.

There is a WEOOSH from above. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN look up yo see an ARMOURED ROCKET-MAN taking off from a roof high above. OBI-WAN looks down at ZAM. He touches her neck and pulls out a small, wicked-looking dart.

				OBI-WAN
			Toxic Dart...

INT. SENATE BUILDING, AMIDALA'S APARTMENT - DAY
ANAKIN and JAR JAR stand near the door of the anteroom to PADME'S 
bedroom. PADME and DORME move about packing luggage.

				PADM
			Representative Binks. I know I can
			count on you.

				JAR JAR
			Yousa betchen mesa bottums.

				PADM
			What?!

				JAR JAR
				(coughs, recovers)
			Oh, pardone-ay, Senator. I mean,
			I am honoured to accept this heavy
			burden. I take on this
			responsibility with deep humility
			tinged with an overwhelming pride.
				(pompously)
			It is not every day that I am
			called upon to...

PADME kisses him on the cheek and gives him a hug. JAR JAR turns red.

				PADM
			You're a good friend, Jar Jar. I
			don't wish to hold you up. I'm
			sure you have a great deal to do.

				JAR JAR
			Of course, M'lady.

JAR JAR bows and goes out. As he passes ANAKIN, he flashes a dazzling smile... PADME is in a very bad mood.

				PADM
			I do not like this idea of hiding.

				ANAKIN
			Don't worry. Now that the Council
			has ordered an investigation, it
			won't take Master Obi-Wan long to
			find that bounty hunter.

				PADM
				(frustrated)
			I haven't worked for a year to
			defeat the "Military Creation Act"
			not to be here when its fate is
			decided.

				ANAKIN
			Sometimes we have to let go of our
			pride and do what is requested of
			us.

				PADM
			Pride?!? Annie, you're young, and
			you don't have a very firm grip on
			politics. I suggest you reserve
			your opinions for some other time.

				ANAKIN
			Sorry, M'lady. I was only trying
			to...

				PADM
			Annie! No!

				ANAKIN
			Please don't call me that.

				PADM
			What?

				ANAKIN
			Annie...

				PADM
			I've always called you that... it
			is your name, isn't it?

				ANAKIN
			It's Anakin. When you say Annie
			it's like I'm still a little
			boy... and I'm not.

				PADM
			I'm sorry, Anakin. It's impossible
			to deny you've...
				(looks him over)
			...that you've grown up.

PADME smiles at ANAKIN. He becomes a little shy.

				ANAKIN
			Master Obi-Wan manages not to see
			it...

				PADM
			Mentors have a way of seeing more
			of our faults than we would like.
			It's the only way we grow.

				ANAKIN
			Don't get me wrong... Obi-Wan is
			a great mentor. As wise as Master
			Yoda and as powerful as Master
			Windu. I am truly thankful to be
			his apprentice. Only... although
			I'm a Padawan learner, in some
			ways... a lot of ways... I'm ahead
			of him. I'm ready for the trials.
			I know I am! He knows it too. He
			believes I'm too unpredictable...
			Other Jedi my age have gone
			through the trials and made it...
			I know I started my training
			late... but he won't let me move
			on.

				PADM
			That must be frustrating.

				ANAKIN
			It's worse... he's overly
			critical. He never listens! He
			just doesn't understand! It's not
			fair!

PADME cannot surpress a laugh. She shakes her head.

				PADM
			I'm sorry... You sounded exactly
			like that little boy I once knew,
			when he didn't get his way.

				ANAKIN
			I'm not whining! I'm not.

PADME just smiles at him. DORME laughs in the background.

				PADM
			I didn't say it to hurt you.

				ANAKIN
			I know...

There is a brief silence. PADME comes over to ANAKIN.

				PADME
			Anakin...

They look into each other's eyes for the first time.

				PADM
				(continuing)
			Don't try to grow up too fast.

				ANAKIN
			I am grown up. You said it
			yourself.

ANAKIN looks deep into PADME'S eyes.

				PADM
			Please don't look at me like that.

				ANAKIN
			Why not?

				PADM
			Because I can see what you're
			thinking.

				ANAKIN
				(laughing)
			Ahh... so, you have Jedi powers
			too?

DORME is watching with concern.

				PADM
			It makes me feel uncomfortable.

				ANAKIN
			Sorry, M'lady.

ANAKIN backs away as PADME turns and goes back to her packing.

EXT. CORUSCANT, SPACEPORT FREIGHTER DOCKS, TRANSPORT BUS - DAY 
A small bus speeds toward the massive freighter docks of Coruscant's Industrial area. The spaceport is bustling with activity. Transports of various sizes moves supplies and passengers as giant floating cranes lift cargo out of starships. The bus stops before a huge intergalactic freighter starship. It parks in the shadows of an overhang.

INT. CORUSCANT, SPACEPORT FREIGHTER DOCKS, TRANSPORT BUS - DAY
ANAKIN and PADME, dressed in Outland peasant outfits, get up and head for the door where CAPTAIN TYPHO, DORME and OBI-WAN are waiting to hand them their luggage. DORME is dressed to look like Senator Amidala.

				CAPTAIN TYPHO
			Be safe, m'lady.

				PADM
			Thank you, Captain. Take good
			care of Dorme... the threat's on
			you two now.

				DORME
			He'll be safe with me.

They laugh, and PADME embraces her faithful handmaiden. DORME start to weep.

				PADM
			You'll be fine.

				DORME
			It's not me, M'Lady. I worry
			about you. What if they realise
			I'm not you?

				PADM
				(looks to Anakin)
			Then my Jedi protector will have
			to prove how grown up he is.

DORME and PADME smile. ANAKIN frowns as OBI-WAN pulls him aside.

				OBI-WAN
			Anakin, you stay put on Naboo.
			Do not attract any attention. Do
			absolutely nothing without
			checking in with me or the Council.

				ANAKIN
			Yes, Master.

				OBI-WAN
				(to Padme)
			I will get to the bottom of this
			plot quickly, M'Lady. You'll be
			back here in no time.

				PADM
			I will be most grateful for your
			speed, Master Jedi.

				ANAKIN
			Time to go.

				PADM
			I know. 

PADME gives DORME a last hug. ANAKIN picks up the luggage, and the TWO PEASANTS exit the speeder bus, where ARTOO is waiting for them.

				OBI-WAN
			May the Force be with you.

				ANAKIN
			May the Force be with you, Master.

They head off toward the giant Starfreighter.

				PADM
			Suddenly, I'm afraid...

				ANAKIN
			I'm kinda scared too. This is my
			first assignment on my own.

				PADM
			There's nothing to worry about...
			we have Artoo with us.

The two laugh.

OBI-WAN and CAPTAIN TYPHO watch ANAKIN and PADME disappear into the 
vastness of the spaceport with ARTOO trundling along behind them.

				OBI-WAN
			I hope he doesn't try anything
			foolish.

				CAPTAIN TYPHO
			I'd be more concerned about her
			doing something, than him.

EXT. FREIGHTER DOCKS - CORUSCANT - DAY
The freighter slowly takes off from the huge docks area of Coruscant. It soon moves into the crowded skies.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, MAIN HALLWAY - LATE DAY
From high above, light streams down from the lofty ceilings. OBI-WAN crosses the floor of the great hallway, heaading for the Analysis Rooms.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, ANALYSIS CUBICLES - LATE DAY
OBI-WAN walks past several glass cubicles where work is going on. He comes to an empty one and sits down in front of a console. A PK-4 ANALYSIS DROID comes to life. A tray slides out of the console.

				PK-4
			Place the subject for analysis on
			the sensot tray, please.

OBI-WAN puts the dart onto the traym which retracts into the console. The DROID activates the system, and a screen lights up in from of OBI-WAN.

				OBI-WAN
			It's a toxic dart. I need to know
			where it came from and who made it.

				PK-4
			One moment, please.

Diagrams and .... appear on the screem, scrolling past at great speed. OBI-WAN watches as the screen goes blank. They tray slides out.

				PK-4
				(continuing)
			As you can see on your screen,
			subject weapon does not exist in
			any known culture. Markings
			cannot be identified. Probablt
			self-made by a warrior not
			associated with any known society.

				OBI-WAN
			Excuse me? Could you try again
			please?

				PK-4
			Master Jedi, our records are very
			thorough. they cover eight
			percent of the galaxy. If I can't
			tell you where it came from,
			nobody can.

OBI-WAN picks up the dart and looks at it, then looks to the DROID.

				OBI-WAN
			Thanks for your assistance! You
			may not be able to figure this
			out, but I think I know someone
			who might.

EXT. SPACE, STARSHIP FREIGHTER
The massive, slow-moving Freighter suddenly zooms away into lightspeed.

INT. STARFREIGHTER, STORAGE HOLD - DAY
The great, gloomy hold is crowded with EMIGRANTS and their belongings. To one side ARTOO is coming to the head of a food line, where SERVERS are ladling out bowls of mush. ARTOO holds two bowls.

				SERVER
			Keep moving! Keep moving!

ARTOO slips tube into a tub of mush and sucks up a large quantity. With one of his little claw-arms, he grabs several chunks of something that looks like brown bread. A SERVER sees him.

				FOOD SERVER
				(continuing)
			Hey! No Droids!

ARTOO takes one last big suck and heads away from the food line. The SERVER shouts after him angrily. The little droid moves past groups of eating or sleeping EMIGRANTS and comes to where ANAKIN is sound asleep. The young Jedi seems to be having a nightmare. He is very restless.

				ANAKIN
			No, no, Mom, no...

He is sweating. PADME leans over to wipe some of the sweat from his forehead. He wakes up with a start, then realises where he is. PADME simply looks at him. He stares back, somewhat confused. ARTOO fills up two bowls with mush.

				ANAKIN
				(continuing)
			What?

				PADM
			You seemed to be having a
			nightmare.

ANAKIN looks at PADME a little more closely, trying to see if he has revealed any of his secrets. She hands him a bowl of mush and bread.

				PADM
				(continuing)
			Are you hungry?

				ANAKIN
			Thank you.

				PADM
			We went into lightspeed a while
			ago.

ANAKIN looks into PADME'S eyes.

				ANAKIN
			I look forward to seeing Naboo
			again. I've thought about it every
			day since I left. It's by far the
			most beautiful place I've ever
			seen...

PADME is a little unnerved by his intense stare. 

				PADM
			You were just a little boy then.
			It may not be as you remember it;
			time changes your perception.

				ANAKIN
			I think time has given me much
			more mature feelings to enhance my
			perception.

				PADM
			It must be difficult having sworn
			your life to the Jedi... not being
			able to visit the places you
			like... or do the things you
			like...

				ANAKIN
			Or be with the people I love.

				PADM
			Are you allowed to love? I
			thought that was forbidden for a
			Jedi.

				ANAKIN
			Attachment is forbidden.
			Possession is forbidden.
			Compassion, which I would define
			as unconditional love, is central
			to a Jedi's life, so you might say
			we're encouraged to love.

				PADM
			You have changed so much

				ANAKIN
			You haven't changed a bit. You're
			exactly the way I remember you in
			my dreams. I doubt if Naboo has
			changed much either.

				PADM
			It hasn't...

				ANAKIN
			I can't wait to breathe the sweet
			breeze that comes off the rolling
			hills. Whenever I try to
			visualise the Force, those hills
			are what I see.

ANAKIN looks at PADME when he says this.

				ANAKIN
				(continuing)
			I love Naboo.

There is an awkward moment.

				PADM
				(changing the subject)
			Were you dreaming about you
			mother earlier, weren't you?

				ANAKIN
			Yes... I left Tatooine so long
			ago, my memory of her is fading.
			I don't want to lose it. Recently
			I've been seeing her in my
			dreams... vivid dreams... scary
			dreams. I worry about her.

PADME gives ANAKIN a sympathetic look.

EXT. CORUSCANT, DOWNTOWN, BACK STREET - MORNING
OBI-WAN walks down the street. It is a pretty tough part of town. Old buildings, warehouses, beat up speeders and transporter rigs occasional "shiny freighters" hissing through.

OBI-WAN comes to a kind of alien diner. On the steamed-up windowa it says "DEX'S DINER" in alien lettering. He goes inside.

INT. CORUSCANT, DEX'S DINER - MORNING
A young waitress, HERMIONE BAGWA, is wiping off a booth tabletop. There is a counter with stools and a line of booths along the wall by the window. A number of CUSTOMERS are eating - TOUGH-LOOKING WORKERS, FREIGHTER DRIVERS etc. HERMIONE looks up as OBI-WAN comes in.

				HERMIONE
			Can I help ya?

				OBI-WAN
			I'm looking for Dexter.

HERMIONE'S eyes narrow.

				HERMIONE BAGWA
			Waddya want him for?

				OBI-WAN
			He's not in trouble. It's
			personal.

HERMIONE stares at OBI-WAN. There is a brief pause. Then she goes to the open serving hatch behind the counter.

				HERMIONE BAGWA
			Someone to see ya, honey
				(lowering her voice)
			A Jedi, by the looks of him.

Steam billows out from the kitchen hatch behind the counter as a huge head pokes through.

				DEXTER JETTSTER
			Obi-Wan!

				OBI-WAN
			Hey, Dex.

				DEXTER JETTSTER
			Take a seat! Be right with ya!

OBI-WAN sits in a booth.

				HERMIONE BAGWA
			You want a cup of ardees?

				OBI-WAN
			Thank you.

HERMIONE moves off as the door to the counter opens and DEXTER JETTSTER appears. He is big - bald and sweaty, old and alien. Not someone to tangle with. He arrives, beaming hugely.

				DEXTER JETTSTER
			Hey, ol' buddy!

				OBI-WAN
			Hey, Dex.

DEXTER eases himself into the seat opposite OBI-WAN. He can just make it. HERMIONE sets two mugs of steaming ardees in from of them.

				DEXTER JETTSTER
			So, my friend. What can I do for
			ya?

				OBI-WAN
			You can tell me what this is.

OBI-WAN places the dart on the table between them. DEX'S eyes widen. He puts down his mug.

				DEXTER JETTSTER
			Well, whattaya know...

DEXTER picks up the dart delicately between his puffy fingers and peers at it.

				DEXTER JETTSTER
				(continuing)
			I ain't seen one of these since I
			was prospecting on Subterrel
			beyond the Outer Rim!

				OBI-WAN
			Do you know where it came from?

DEXTER grins. He puts the dart down between them.

				DEXTER JETTSTER
			This baby belongs to them cloners.
			What you got here is a Kamino
			Kyberdart.

				OBI-WAN
			Kamino Kyberdart... I wonder why
			it didn't show up in any analysis
			archive.

				DEXTER JETTSTER
			It's these funny little cuts on
			the side give it away...
			Those analysis droids you've got
			over there only focus on symbols,
			you know. I should think you Jedi
			would have more respect for the
			difference between knowledge and
			wisdom.

				OBI-WAN
			Well, Dex, if droids could think, we
			wouldn't be here, would we?
				(laughing)
			Kamino... doesn't sound familiar.
			Is it part of the Republic?

				DEXTER JETTSTER
			No, it's beyond the Outer Rim.
			I'd say about twelve parsecs
			outside the Rishi Maze, toward the
			south. It should be easy to find,
			even for those droids in your
			archive to find. Those Kaminoans
			keep to themselves. They're
			cloners. Damned good ones, too.

OBI-WAN then picks up the dart, holding it midway between them.

				OBI-WAN
			Cloners? Are they friendly?

				DEXTER JETTSTER
			It depends.

				OBI-WAN
			On what, Dex?

Dexter grins. 

				DEXTER JETTSTER
			On how good your manners are...
			and how big your pocketbook is...

EXT. NABOO SPACEPORT - DAY
The Starfreighter lands in the giant port city of Theed.

PADME, ANAKIN and ARTOO are among the EMIGRANTS streaming from the Starfreighter and into the vast docking area. They exit onto the main plaza.

EXT. NABOO PALACE, GRAND COURTYARD (NABOO) - AFTERNOON
The speeder bus pulls up and stops. PADME, ANAKIN, and ARTOO get out. The great courtyard stretches out before them, and they see the rose-colored dome of the palace on the far side. ARTOO WHISTLES. They pick up their gear and start to cross the courtyard. ARTOO trundles behind them.

				ANAKIN
			If I grew up here, I don't think
			I'd ever leave.

				PADM
				(laughing)
			I doubt that.

				ANAKIN
			No, really. When I started my
			training, I was very homesick and
			very lonely. This city and my Mom
			were the only pleasant things I
			had to think about... The problem
			was, the more I thought about my
			Mom, the worse I felt. But I
			would feel better if I thought
			about the palace - the way it
			shimmers in the sunlight - the way
			the air always smells of flowers...

				PADM
			...and the soft sound of the
			distant waterfalls. The first
			time I saw the Capital, I was very
			young... I'd never seen a
			waterfall before. I though they
			were so beautiful... I never
			dreamed one day I'd live in the
			palace.

				ANAKIN
			Well, tell me, did you dream of
			power and politics when you were
			a little girl?

				PADM
				(laughing)
			No! That was the last thing I
			thought of. My dream was to help
			in the "Refugee Relief Movement."
			I never thought of running for
			elected office. But the more
			history I studied, the more I
			realised how much good politicians
			could do. So when I was eight, I
			joined the "Apprentice
			Legislators", then later on became
			a Senatorial advisor, with such a
			passion that, before I knew it, I
			was elected Queen. Partly because
			I scored so high on my education
			certificate, but for the most part
			it was my conviction that reform
			was possible. I wasn't the
			youngest Queen ever elected, but
			now that I think back on it, I'm
			not sure I was old enough. I'm not
			sure I was ready.

				ANAKIN
			The people you served thought you
			did a good job. I heard they
			tried to amend the Constitution so
			you could stay in office.

				PADM
			Popular rule is not democracy,
			Annie. It gives the people what
			they want, not what they need.
			And, truthfully, I was relieved
			when my two terms were up. So
			were my parents. They worried
			About me during the blockade and
			couldn't wait for it all to be
			over. Actually, I was hoping to
			have a family by now... My
			sisters have the most amazing,
			wonderful kids... but when the
			Queen asked me to serve as
			Senator, I couldn't refuse her.

				ANAKIN
			I agree! I think the Republic
			needs you... I'm glad you chose
			to serve. I feel things are going
			to happen in our generation that
			will change the galaxy in profound
			ways.

				PADM
			I think so too.

ANAKIN and PADME walk toward the palace. ARTOO continues to follow.

INT. NABOO PALACE, THRONE ROOM - AFTERNOON
QUEN JAMILLIA is seated on the throne, flanked by SIO BIBBLE and a COUPLE OF ADVISORS. FOUR HANDMAIDENS stand close by, and GUARDS are at the doors.

				QUEEN JAMILLIA
			We've been worried about you.
				(takes her hand)
			I'm so glad you're safe, Padm.

				PADM
			Thank you, Your Highness. I only
			Wish I could have served you
			better by staying on Coruscant for
			the vote.

				SIO BIBBLE
			Given the circumstances, Senator,
			you know it was the only decision
			Her Highness could have made.

				QUEEN JAMILLIA
			How many systems have joined Count
			Dooku and the separatists?

				PADM
			About two hundred. And more are
			leaving the Republic every day.
			If the Senate votes to create an
			army, I'm sure it's going to push
			us into a civil war.

				SIO BIBBLE
			It's unthinkable! There hasn't
			been a full-scale war since the
			formation of the Republic!

				QUEEN JAMILLIA
			Do you see any way, through
			negotiations, to bring the
			separatists back into the Republic?

				PADM
			Not if they feel threatened. The
			separatists don't have an army,
			but if they are provoked, they
			will move to defend themselves.
			I'm sure of that. And with no time
			or money to build an army, my
			guess is they will turn to the
			Commerce Guilds or the Trade
			Federation for help.

				QUEEN JAMILLIA
			The armies of commerce! Why has
			Nothing been done in the Senate
			to restrain them?

				PADM
			I'm afraid that, despite the
			Chancellor's best efforts, there
			are still many bureaucrats,
			judges, and even Senators on the
			payrolls of the Guilds.

				SIO BIBBLE
			It's outrageous! After all of
			those hearings, and the four trials in
			the Supreme Court, Nute Gunray is
			still the Viceroy of the Trade
			Federation. Do those money
			mongers control everything?

				QUEEN JAMILLIA
			Remember, Counsellor, the courts
			were able to reduce the
			Federation's armies. That's a
			move in the right
			direction.

				PADM
			There are rumours, Your Highness,
			that the Federation Army was not
			reduced as they were ordered.

				ANAKIN
			The Jedi have not been allowed to
			investigate. It would be to be too
			dangerous for the economy, we were
			told.

				QUEEN JAMILLIA
			We must keep our faith in the
			Republic. The day we stop
			believing democracy can work is
			the day we lose it.

				PADM
			Let's pray that day never comes.

				QUEEN JAMILLIA
			In the meantime, we must consider
			your own safety.

SIO BIBBLE signals. All the other ADVISORS and ATTENDANTS bow and leave the room.

				SIO BIBBLE
				(to Anakin)
			What is your suggestion, Master
			Jedi?

				PADM
			Anakin's not a Jedi yet, Counsellor.
			He's still a Padawan learner. I
			was thinking...

				ANAKIN
				(nettled)
			Hey, hold on a minute!

				PADM
			Excuse me! I was thinking I would
			stay in the Lake Country. There
			are some places up there that are
			very isolated.

				ANAKIN
			Excuse me?! I am in charge of
			security here, M'Lady.

SIO BIBBLE and QUEEN JAMILLIA exchange a look. Something is going on here.

				PADM
			Annie, my life is at risk, and
			this is my home. I know it very
			well... that is why we're here.
			I think it would be wise for you
			to take advantage of my knowledge
			in this instance.

				ANAKIN
				(takes a deep breath)
			Sorry, M'Lady.

				SIO BIBBLE
				(to Anakin, amused)
			She is right. The Lake Country is
			the most remote part of Naboo.
			Not many people and a clear view
			of the surrounding terrain.

				QUEEN JAMILLIA
			Perfect. It's settled then.

ANAKIN glares at PADME. Then QUEEN JAMILLIA gets up, and they all start to leave.

				QUEEN JAMILLIA
				(continued)
			Padm, I had an audience with your
			father yesterday. I told him what
			was happening. He hopes you will
			visit your mother before you
			leave... your family's very
			worried about you.

PADME looks worred. They ALL exit down the main staircase.

EXT. JEDI TEMPLE - DAY
The main entrance at the base of the huge temple is bustling with activity. All sorts of JEDI are coming and going.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, ARCHIVES LIBRARY - DAY
A bronze bust of Count Dooku, stands among a line of other busts of Jedi in the Archive Room. OBI-WAN stands in front it, studying the striking features of the chiselled face.

On the walls, lighted computer panels seem to stretch into infinity. Farther along the room in the background, FIVE JEDI are seated at tables, studying archival material.

After OBI-WAN studies the bust for a few moments before MADAME JOCASTA NU, the Jedi Archivist is standing next to him. She is an elderly, frail-looking human Jedi. Tough as old boots and smart as a whip.

				JOCASTA NU
			Did you call for assistance?

				OBI-WAN
				(distracted in thought)
			Yes... yes, I did...

				JOCASTA NU
			He has a powerful face, doesn't
			he? He was one of the most
			brilliant Jedi I have had the
			privilege of knowing.

				OBI-WAN
			I never understood why he quit.
			Only twenty Jedi have ever left
			the Order.

				JOCASTA NU
				(sighs)
			The Lost Twenty... and Count Dooku
			was the most recent and the most
			painful. No one likes to talk
			about it. His leaving was a great
			loss to the Order.

				OBI-WAN
			What happened?

				JOCASTA NU
			Well, one might say, he was always
			a bit out of step with the
			decisions of the Council... much
			like your old Master, Qui-Gon Jinn.

				OBI-WAN
				(surprised)
			Really?

				JOCASTA NU
			Oh, yes. They were alike in many
			ways. Very individual thinkers...
			idealists...

JOCASTA NU stares at the bust

				JOCASTA NU
				(continuing
			He was always striving to become
			a more powerful Jedi. He wanted
			to be the best. With a lightsaber,
			in the old style of fencing, he
			had no match. His knowledge of
			the Force was... unique. In the
			end, I think he left because he
			lost faith in the Republic. He
			believed that politics were
			corrupt, and he felt the Jedi
			betrayed themselves by serving the
			politicians. He always had very
			high expectations of government.
			He disappeared for nine or ten
			years, then he just showed up
			recently as the head of the
			separatist movement.

				OBI-WAN
			Interesting... I'm still not sure
			I understand.

				JOCASTA NU
			Well, I'm sure you didn't call me
			over here for a history lesson.
			Are you having a problem, Master
			Kenobi?

				OBI-WAN
			Yes, I'm trying to find a planet
			system called Kamino. It doesn't
			seem to show upon any of the
			archive charts.

				JOCASTA NU
			Kamino? It's not a system I'M
			familiar with... Let me see...

JOCASTA NU leans over OBI-WAN'S shoulder, looking at the screen.

				JOCASTA NU
				(continuing)
			Are you sure you have the right
			co-ordinates?

				OBI-WAN
				(nodding)
			According to my information, it
			should be in this quadrant
			somewhere... just south of the
			Rishi Maze.

JOCASTA NU taps the keyboard and frowns.

				JOCASTA NU
			No co-ordinates? It sounds like the
			kind of directions you'd get from
			a street tout... some old miner or
			Furbog trader.

				OBI-WAN
			All three actually.

				JOCASTA NU
			Are you sure it exists?

				OBI-WAN
			Absolutely.

				JOCASTA NU
			Let me do a gravitational scan.

OBI-WAN and JOCASTA NU studt the star map hologram.

				JOCASTA NU
			There are some inconsistencies
			here. Maybe the planet you're
			looking for was destroyed.

				OBI-WAN
			Wouldn't that be on record?

				JOCASTA NU
			It ought to be. Unless it was very
			recent.
				(shakes her head)
			I hate to say it, but it looks
			like the system you're searching
			for doesn't exist.

				OBI-WAN
			That's impossible... perhaps the
			archives are incomplete.

				JOCASTA NU
			The archives are comprehensive and
			totally secure, my young Jedi.
			One thing you may be absolutely
			sure of - if an item does not
			appear in our records, it does not
			exist!

OBI-WAN stares at her, then looks back at the map.

EXT. THEED, RESIDENTIAL AREA, SIDE STREET - AFTERNOON
PEOPLE are passing through the little street, OLD MEN are sunning themslves, WOMEN are gossipping, KIDS are playing. ANAKIN, PADME and ARTOO turn onto a side street. ANAKIN is back in his Jedi robes. PADME wear a beautiful simple dress. She stops, beaming.

				PADME
			There's my house!

PADME starts forward; ANAKIN hangs back.

				PADME
				(continuing)
			What? Don't say you're shy!

				ANAKIN
				(untruthfully)
			No, but I...

Suddenly, there are shouts from two little girils, RYOO (age 6) and POOJA (age 4). They come running toward PADME.

				RYOO & POOJA
			Aunt Padme!! Aunt Padme!!

				PADME
			Ryoo!! Pooja!!

PADME scoops up RYOO and POOJA and hugs them.

				PADME
				(continuing)
			I'm so happy to see you! This is
			Anakin. Anakin, this is Ryoo, and
			this is Pooja.

ANAKIN and the GIRLS say hello shyly. Then:

				RYOO & POOJA
			Artoo!!!

As they see the droid, they hug him. ARTOO WHISTLES and BEEPS. PADME laughs. ANAKIN and PADME go on toward the house. The GIRLS stay and play with ARTOO.

INT. PADME'S PARENTS' HOUSE, MAIN ROOM - AFTERNOON
SOLA, PADME'S beautiful older sister, comes in from the kitchen carrying a big bowl of food.

				SOLA
				(over her shoulder)
			They're eating over at Jev
			Narran's later, Mom. They just
			had a snack. They'll be fine.

SOLA puts the bowl down on the table, where ANAKIN, PADME and RUWEE NABERRIE (Padme's father) are coming into the room.

				PADME
			Anakin, this is my sister, Sola.

				SOLA
			Hello, Anakin.

				ANAKIN
			Hello.

SOLA sits, as JOBAL NABERRIE (Padme's mother) comes in with a heaped bowl of steaming food.

				JOBAL
			You're just in time for dinner. I
			hope you're hungry, Anakin.

				ANAKIN
			A little.

				PADME
			He's being polite, Mom. We're
			starving.

				RUWEE
				(grinning)
			You came to the right place at the
			right time. Sit down, son.

EVERYONE sits and starts passing food.

				JOBAL
				(to Padme)
			Honey, it's so good to see you
			safe. We were so worried.

PADME gives JOBAL a dirty look. RUWEE smiles as he watches.

				RUWEE
			Dear...

				JOBAL
			I know, I know... but I had to say
			it. Now it's done.

				SOLA
			Well, this is exciting! Do you
			know, Anakin, you're the first
			boyfriend my sister's ever brought
			home?

				PADME
				(rolls her eyes)
			Sola!! He isn't my boyfriend!
			He's a Jedi assigned by the Senate
			to protect me.

				JOVAL
			A bodyguard?! Oh, Padme! They
			didn't tell us it was that serious!

				PADME
			It's not, Mom, I promise.
				(glances at Jobal)
			Anyway, Anakin's a friend. I've
			known him for years. Remember
			that little boy who was with the
			Jedi during the blockade crisis?

They nod.

				PADME
				(continuing)
			He grew up.

				JOBAL
			Honey, when are you going to
			settle down? Haven't you had
			enough of that life? I certainly
			have!

				PADME
			Mom, I'm not in any danger.

				RUWEE
				(to Anakin)
			Is she?

				ANAKIN
			...Yes... I'm afraid she is.

				PADME
				(quickly)
			But not much.

EXT. PADME'S PARENTS' GARDEN - AFTERNOON
ANAKIN and RUWEE are walking.

				RUWEE
			Sometimes I wish I'd traveled
			more... but I must say, I'm happy
			here.

				ANAKIN
			Padme tells me you teach at the
			university?

				RUWEE
				(nodding)
			Yes, and before that, I was a
			builder. I also worked for the
			Refugee Relief Movement, when I
			was very young.

INT. PADME'S PARENTS' HOUSE, MAIN ROOM - AFTERNOON
PADME, SOLA and JOBAL are clearing the table.

				SOLA
			Why haven't you told us about him?

				PADM
			What's there to talk about?  He's
			just a boy.

				SOLA
			A boy? Have you seen the way he
			looks at you?

				PADM
			Sola - stop it!

				SOLA
			It's obvious he has feelings for
			you. Are you saying, little baby
			sister, that you haven't noticed?

				PADM
			I'm not your baby sister, Sola.
			Anakin and I are friends... our
			relationship is strictly
			professional.
				(to Jobal)
			Mom, would you tell her to stop it?

				SOLA
				(laughing)
			Well, maybe you haven't noticed
			the way he looks at you. I think
			you're afraid to.

				PADM
			Cut it out.

				JOBAL
			Sola's just concerned... we all
			are.

				PADM
			Oh, Mom, you're impossible. What
			I'm doing is important.

				JOBAL
			You've done your service, Padm.
			It's time you had a life of your
			own. You're missing so much!

EXT. PADME'S PARENTS' GARDEN - AFTERNOON
ANAKIN and RUWEE are walking in the garden. RUWEE stops and faces ANAKIN directly.

				RUWEE
			Now tell me, son. How serious is
			this thing? How much danger is my
			daughter really in?

				ANAKIN
			There have been two attempts on
			her life. Chances are there'll be
			more. My Master is tracking down
			the assassins. I'm sure he'll find
			out who they are. This situation,
			won't last long.

				RUWEE
			I don't want anything to happen to
			her.

				ANAKIN
			I don't either.

INT. PADME'S PARENTS' HOUSE, PADME'S ROOM - AFTERNOON
PADME throws some things into a bag.

				PADME
			Don't worry, this won't take long.

				ANAKIN
			I just want to get there before
			dark.

PADME goes on packing. ANAKIN looks around the room.

				ANAKIN
				(continuing)
			You still live at home.

				PADME
			I move around so much, I've never
			had a place of my own. Official
			residences have no warmth. I feel
			good here. I feel at home.

				ANAKIN
			I never had a real home. Home was
			always where my Mom was.

ANAKIN picks up a framed hologram.

				ANAKIN
				(continuing)
			Is this you?

The hologram shows Padme at age seven or eight surrounded by forty or fifty little green creatures. She is holding one in her arms. They are all smiling hugely.

				PADME
			That was when I went with the
			Relief Group to Shadda-Bi-Boran.
			Their sun was imploding, and the
			planet was dying. I was helping
			to relocate the children. See
			that little one I'm holding? His
			name was N'a-kee-tula, which means
			sweethear. He was so full of 
			life,. All those kids were. I did
			everything I could to save him,
			but he died... they all did. They
			were never able to adapt... to
			live off their native planet.

ANAKIN picks up another hologram. It shows PADME at age ten or eleven. She is wearing official robes and standing between two robed legislators. Her expression is severe.

				PADME
				(continuing)
			My first day as an Apprentice
			Legislator. Notice the difference?

PADME pulls a face. ANAKIN grins. She continues packing. ANAKIN sets the two holograms down side by side - the beaming little girl, and the the stern, unsmiling adolescent.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, MAIN HALLWAY - DAY
OBI-WAN walks through the main hallway to the training area.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, TRAINING VERANDA - DAY
OBI-WAN comes out onto the veranda and stops, watching TWENTY or so FOUR-YEAR-OLDS doing training exercises, supervised by YODA. They wear helmets over their eyes and try to strike little TRAINING DROIDS with their miniature lightsabers. The DROIDS dance in front of them.

				YODA
			Don't think... feel... be as one
			with the Force. Help you, it will.
				(he sees Obi-Wan)
			Younglings - enough! A visitor we
			have. Welcome him.

The CHILDREN take off their helmets and turn off their lightsabers.

				YODA
				(continuing)
			Master Obi-Wan Kenobi, meet the
			mighty Bear Clan.

				CHILDREN
			Welcome, Master Obi-Wan!

				OBI-WAN
			I am sorry to disturb you, Master.

				YODA
			What help to you, can I be?

				OBI-WAN
			Im looking for a planet described
			to me by an old friend. I trust
			him. But the system doesnt show
			up on the archive maps.

				YODA
			An interesting puzzle. Gather
			round the map reader, younglings.
			Master Obi-Wan has lost a planet.
			Find it, we will try...

The map reader is a small shaft with a hollow opening at the top. The CCHILDREN gather around it. OBI-WAN takes out a little glass ball and places it into the bowl. The window shades close darkening the room and the reader lights up, projecting the star map hologram into the room. The CHILDREN laugh. Some of them reach up to try and touch the nebulae and stars. OBI-WAN walks into the display.

				OBI-WAN
			This is where it ought to be...
			but it isnt. Gravity is pulling
			all the stars in this area inward
			to this spot. There should be a
			star here... but there isnt.

				YODA
			Most interesting. Gravitys
			silhouette remains, but the star
			and all its planets have
			disappeared. How can this be?

There is a brief pause. Then a CHILD puts its hand up. YODA nods.

				JEDI CHILD JACK
			Because someone erased it from the
			archive memory.

				CHILDREN
			Thats right! Yes! Thats what
			happened! Someone erased it!

				JEDI CHILD MAY
			If the planet blew up, the gravity
			would go away.

OBI-WAN stares; YODA chuckles.

				YODA
			Truly wonderful, the mind of a
			child is. Uncluttered. To the
			centre of the pull of gravity go,
			and find your planet you will.

				OBI-WAN
			But Master Yoda who could have
			erased information from the
			archives? Thats impossible,
			isnt it?

				YODA
				(frowning)
			Much harder to answer, that
			question is.

EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, WATER SPEEDER, LANDING PLATFORM - LATE AFTERNOON
A water speeder driven by PADDY ACCU, the retreat caretaker, skims across the lake away from the island landing platform where a chrome Naboo Starship rests. ANAKIN and PADME are sitting in the speeder as it skims away to where a lodge rises on a beautiful island in the middle of the lake.

EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LODGE, GARDEN TERRACEM LATE AFTERNOON
ANAKIN and PADME walk up the stairs from where the water speeder is parked onto a terrace overlooking a lovely garden. Behind them, PADDY ACCU supervises two serving girls, NANDI and TECKLA, as they carry the bags into the Lodge.

ANAKIN and PADME stop at the balustrade. PADME looks out across the garden to the shimmering lake and the mountains rising beyond. ANAKIN looks at her silently.

				PADM
			When I was in Level Three, we used
			to come here for school retreat.
			See that island? We used to swim
			there every day. I love the water.

				ANAKIN
			I do too. I guess it comes from
			growing up on a desert planet.

PADME becomes aware that ANAKIN is looking at her.

				PADM
			...We used to lie on the sand and
			let the sun dry us... and try to
			guess the names of the birds
			singing.

				ANAKIN
			I dont like sand. Its coarse
			and rough and irritating, and it
			gets everywhere. Not like here.
			Here everythings soft... and
			smooth...

He touches her arm. PADME has become receptive to the way he looks at her but is nervous.

				PADM
			There was a very old man who lived
			on the island. He used to make
			glass out of sand - and vases and
			necklaces out of the glass. They
			were magical.

				ANAKIN
				(looks into her eyes)
			Everything here is magical.

				PADM
			You could look into the glass and
			see the water. The way it ripples
			and moves. It looked so real...
			but it wasnt.

				ANAKIN
			Sometimes, when you believe
			something to be real, it becomes
			real. Real enough, anyway...

They look into each other's eyes. He touches her chin.

				PADM
			I used to think if you looked too
			deeply into glass, you would
			lose yourself.

				ANAKIN
			I think it's true...

ANAKIN kisses PADME. She doesn't resist. She comes to her senses and pulls away.

				PADM
			I shouldn't have done that.

				ANAKIN
			I'm sorry. When I'm around you,
			my mind is no longer my own.

				PADM
			It's the situation... the stress...

He looks at her.

				ANAKIN
			...the view.

EXT. CORUSCANT, LANDING PLATFORM - LATE AFTERNOON
Obi-Wan's Starfighter is ready for takeoff. OBI-WAN and MACE WINDU stand beside it.

				MACE WINDU
			Be wary, this disturbance in the
			Force is growing stronger.

				OBI-WAN
			I am concerned for my Padawan. He
			is not ready to be on his own.

				YODA
			The Council is confident in this decision,
			Obi-Wan.

				MACE
			He has exceptional skills. The
			Council is confident in its
			decision, Obi-Wan. If the
			prophecy is true, he weill be the
			one to bring balance to the Force.

				OBI-WAN
			But he still has much to learn.
			And his abilities have made him...
			well... arrogant. I realise now
			what you and Master Yoda knew from
			the beginning... the boy was too
			old to start the training and...

OBI-WAN hesitates.

				MACE WINDU
			There's something else?

				OBI-WAN
			Master, he should not have been
			given this assignment. I'm afraid
			Anakin won't be able to protect
			the Senator. 

				MACE WINDU
			Why?

				OBI-WAN
			He has a... an emotional
			connection with her. It's been
			there since he was boy. Now
			he's confused... distracted.

				MACE-WINDU
			Obi-Wan, you must have faith that
			he will take the right path.

OBI-WAN climbs into the cockpit of the Starfighter.

				OBI-WAN
			Has Master Yoda gained any insight
			into whether or not this war will
			come about?

				MACE WINDU
			Probing the Dark Side is a
			dangerous process. He could be in
			seclusion for days... May the
			force be with you.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, YODA'S QUARTERS - LATE AFTERNOON
YODA sits with his eyes closed, meditating. Silence.

EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LOUNGE, LATE AFTERNOON
The setting sun touches the mountain peaks. The lake glows in the rose-tinted light. Floatinf lamps glean softly like jewels at the lodge.

INT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, DINING ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
NANDI place dessert in front of PADME. TECKLA does the same for ANAKIN. The dessert is some kind of fruit. PADME picks up her fork and goes to spear a piece, but it moves! She frowns and tries again -the fruit moves. She lokk up at ANAKIN. His eyes are on his plate.

				PADME
			You did that?

ANAKIN looks up - wide-eyed innocence.

				ANAKIN
			What?

PADME scowls at him. PADME jabs at the fruit - ANAKIN subtly moves his hand and it lifts up from the plate and hovers in front of her.

				PADME
			That! Now stop it!

PADME laughs. ANAKIN laughs. She reaches out for the fruit - it loops.

				PADME
				(continuing)
			Anakin!!

ANAKIN moves his fingers. The fruit flies into his hand.

				ANAKIN
			I'm not really supposed to do
			that... for fun, I mean. If
			Master Obi-Wan were here, he'd be
			very grumpy.

ANAKIN is pleased. He cuts the fruint into several pieces and sends one back to PADME. She bites it out of the air and laughs.

INT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LODGE, FIREPLACE ALCOVE - TWILIGHT
A fire blazes in the open hearth. PADME is sitting in front of it, gazing at the flames.

She looks up as ANAKIN arrives. She makes room for him. Brief pause.

				ANAKIN
			May I tell you something?

				PADME
			I don't know.

				ANAKIN
			Then how can I tell you?

				PADME
			Maybe you should use your Jedi
			intuition.

				ANAKIN
			It doesn't work around you. My
			mind is always a muddle... I can
			only think of you.

				PADME
			Anakin, don't...

				ANAKIN
			From the moment I met you, all
			those years ago, a day hasn't gone
			by when I haven't thought of you.
			And now that I'm close to you again,
			I'm in agony. The closer I get to
			you, the worse it gets. The
			thought of not being with you
			mskes my stomach turn over - my
			mouth goes dry. I feel dizzy. I
			can't breathe. I'm haunted by the
			kiss you should never have given
			me. My heart is beating, hoping
			that kiss will not become a scar.
			You are in my very soul,
			tormenting me. What can I do? I
			will do anything you ask...

Silence. The logs flame in the hearth.

				ANAKIN
				(continuing)
			If you are suffering as much as I
			am, tell me.

				PADME
			...I can't. We can't. It's just
			not possible.

				ANAKIN
			Anything's possible. Padme,
			please listen...

				PADME
			You listen. We live in a real
			world. Come back to it. You're
			studying to become a Jedi Knight.
			I'm a Senator. If you follow your
			thoughts through to conclusion,
			they will take us to a place we
			cannot go... regardless of the way
			we feel about each other.

				ANAKIN
			Then you do feel something!
			There's an extraordinary
			connection between us. You can't
			deny that.

				PADME
			Annie, it doesn't make any
			difference. Jedi aren't allowed
			to marry. You swore an oath,
			remember? You'd be expelled from
			the Order. I will not let you
			give up your responsibilities...
			your future, for me.

				ANAKIN
			I was destined to be a Jedi. I
			don't think I could be anything
			else. But you are asking me to be
			rational. That is something I
			know I cannot do. I wish I could
			wish my feelings away... but I
			can't.

				PADME
			I am not going to give into this.
			I'm not going to throw my life
			away. I have more important things
			to do than fall in love.

There is silence as they stare at the fire. ANAKIN is thinking.

				ANAKIN
			It wouldn't have to be that way...
			we could keep it a secret.

				PADME
			Then we'd be living a lie - one we
			couldn't keep even if we wanted
			to. Mt sister saw it. So did my
			mother. I couldn't do that.
			Could you, Anakin? Could you live
			like that?

Silence for a moment.

				ANAKIN
			...No, you're right. It would
			destroy us.

EXT. SPACE
It's just like the star map hologram, plus the storm-shrouded planet of Kamino, which is exactly where it ought to be. Obi-Wan's Starship flies OVER CAMERA and heads down toward the planet.

EXT. TIPOCA CITY, KAMINO LANDING PLATFORM (RAINSTORM) - DAY
Heavy rans and hard-driving winds lash the platform as Obi-Wan's Starship approaches. The huge, ultra-modern city of Tipoca rests on great stilts that keep it above the pounding and ever-present waves that cover the surface of this watery world.

The Starfighter lands. OBI-WAN gets out and makes his way through the bowling wind toward a tower on the far side of the platform. A door slides open. A shaft of brilliant light pierces the swirling rain. OBI-WAN passes through it and goes inside.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CORRIDOR ENTRANCE
A Brilliant white light. OBI-WAN pushes the soaking hood from his face.

				TAUN WE
			Welcome to Tipoca City, Master
			Jedi.

OBI-WAN wipes the rain from his face and blinks in surprise at a tall, pasty-white alien named TAUN WE. He has large, almond shaped eyes.

				TAUN WE
			Everything is ready. The Prime
			Minister expects you.

				OBI-WAN
				(warily)
			I'm expected?

				TAUN WE
			Of course! He is anxious to see
			you. After all these years, we
			were beginning to think you
			weren't coming. Now please, this
			way!

OBI-WAN masks his surprise as they move away along the corridor.

Obi-Wan follows Taun We cautiously.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, PRIME MINISTER OFFICE - DAY
The door slides open. OBI-WAN and TAUN WE enter and cross to where LAMA SU rises, smiling, from behind his desk, which, like all the furniture on Kamino, seems made out of pure light.

				TAUN WE
			May I present Lama Su, Prime
			Minister of Kamino... and this is
			Master Jedi...

				OBI-WAN
			Obi-Wan Kenobi.

				LAMA SU
			Please...

LAMA SU indicates a chair. OBI-WAN sits. TAUN WE hovers. The room is bathed in brilliant white light. The whole place is ultra high-tech.

				LAMA SU
			I trust you are going to enjoy
			your stay. We are most happy you
			have arrived at the best part of
			the season.

				OBI-WAN
			You make me feel most welcome.

				LAMA SU
			And now to business. You will be
			delighted to hear we are on
			schedule. Two hundred thousand
			units are ready, with another
			million well on the way.

				OBI-WAN
				(improvising)
			That is... good news.

				LAMA SU
			Please tell your Master Sido-Dyas
			that we have every confidence his
			order will be met on time and in
			full. He is well, I hope?

				OBI-WAN
			I'm sorry Master - ?

				LAMA SU
			Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas. He's still
			a leading member of the Jedi
			Council, is he not?

				OBI-WAN
			Oh, yes. Sido-Dyas.

				LAMA SU
				(rising)
			You must be anxious to inspect the
			units for yourself.

				OBI-WAN
			That's why I'm here.

EXT. NABOO, MOUNTAIN MEADOW - LATER AFTERNOON
PADME and ANAKIN are in the middle of an idyllic hilly meadow, its lush grasses sprinkled with flowers. At a distance, a herd of SHAAKS graze contentedly.

Beyond is the shimmering expanse of the lake. Several other lakes stretch to the horizon. The warm air is full of little floating puffballs. They sit on the grass, in a playful, coy mood, talking. PADME is picking flowers.

				PADM
			I don't know...

				ANAKIN
			Sure you do... you just don't want
			to tell me.

				PADM
			Are you going to use one of your
			Jedi mind tricks on me?

				ANAKIN
			They only work on the weak-minded.
			You are anything but weak-minded.

				PADM
			All right... his name was Palo.
			I was twelve. We were both in the
			Legislative Youth Program. He was
			a few years older then I... very
			cute... dark curly hair... dreamy
			eyes.

				ANAKIN
			All right, I get the picture...
			whatever happened to him?

				PADM
			I went on to become a Queen. He
			went on to become an artist.

				ANAKIN
			Maybe he was the smart one.

				PADME
			You really don't like politicians,
			do you?

				ANAKIN
			I like two or three, but I'm not
			really sure about one of them.
				(smiling)
			I don't think the system works.

				PADME
			How would you have it work?

				ANAKIN
			We need a system where the
			politicians sit down and discuss
			the problems, agree what's in the
			best interests of all the people,
			and then do it.

				PADME
			That is exactly what we do. The
			trouble is that people don't
			wlways agree. In fact, they
			hardly ever do.

				ANAKIN
			Then they should be made to.

				PADME
			By whom? Who's going to make them?

				ANAKIN
			I don't know. Someone.

				PADME
			You?

				ANAKIN
			Of course not me.

				PADME
			But someone.

				ANAKIN
			Someone wise.

				PADME
			That sounds an awful lot like a
			dictatorship to me.

A mischievious little grin creeps across his face.

				ANAKIN
			Well, if it works...

PADME stares at ANAKIN. He looks back at her, straight-faced, and can't hold a smile.

				PADM
			You're making fun of me.

				ANAKIN
			 	(sarcastic)
			On no, I'd be much too frightened
			to tease a Senator.

				PADM
			You're so bad!

PADME picks up a piece of fruit and throws it at him. He catches it. PADME throws two more pieces of fruit, and ANAKIN catches them.

				ANAKIN
			You're always so serious. Always
			carrying the weight of the
			universe on your shoulders.

ANAKIN then starts to juggle the fruit. PADME laughs and throws more fruit at him. He manages to juggle them too until there are too many, and he loses control and ducks, letting food fall on his head. They both laugh.

ANAKIN stands in front of a SHAAK, yelling at it and waving his arms. PADME starts laughing as ANAKIN runs in circles, chased by the SHAAK.

The SHAAK crosses in front of PADME. ANAKIN is riding it, facing the SHAAK'S tail. The SHAAK bucks, and ANAKIN falls off. PADME laughs even harder. ANAKIN lies still. PADME jumps uip and runs to where ANAKIN is face down in the grass. She turns him over. He is pulling a stupid face at her. She yelps in mock fury and takes a swing at him. He catches her arm. She struggles. They roll over in the grass. Suddenly, they become aware of the contact between them. They let go of each other quickly and sit up, looking away.

ANAKIN stands up and holds out his hand to her. She take it. He pulls her up. And now they are easy together, not self-conscious any more. PADME scrambles up onto the SHAAK behind ANAKIN. She puts her arms around his waist and leans against his back. ABAJUB digs his heels in. The SHAAK starts forward, and they ride away.

EXT. TIPOCA CITY, PARADE GROUND (RAINSTORM) - DAY
OBI-WAN, LAMA SU and TAUN WE come out onto a balcony. Below is a huge parade ground. The rain and wind are brutal. THOUSANDS OF STORMTROOPERS, faces covered by helmets, are marching and drilling in formations of several hundred.

				LAMA SU
				(beaming)
			Magnificent, aren't they?

OBI-WAN nods slowly.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CLONE CENTER, COMMINSSARY - DAY
LAMA SU conducts OBI-WAN through a large eating area. TAUN WE follows as they walk by HUNDREDS OF CLONES who look exactly alike, all about twenty years old, dressed in black. They are seated at tables, eating.

				LAMA SU
			We modified their genetic
			structure to make them less
			independent than the original
			host. As a result they are
			totally obedient, taking any order
			without question.

				OBI-WAM
			Who was the original host?

				LAMA SU
			A bounty hunter called Jango Fett.
			We felt a Jedi would be the
			perfect choice, but Sido-Dyas hand-
			picked Jango Fett himself.

				OBI-WAN
			Where is this bounty hunter now?

				LAMA SU
			Oh, we keep him here. After a few
			hundred thousand clones, the
			genetic pattern starts to fade, so
			we take a fresh supply. He lives
			here, but he's free to come and go
			as he pleases.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CLONE CENTER, BARRACKS - DAY
The tour continues through a long corridor folled with narrow, transparent tubes into which CLONES are climbing. Once in the tube, the CLONE goes to sleep.

				LAMA SU
			Apart from his pay, which is
			considerable, Fett demanded only
			one thing - an unaltered clone for
			himself. Curious isn't it?

				OBI-WAN
			Unaltered?

				LAMA SU
			Pure genetic replication. No
			tampering with the structure to
			make it more docile... and no
			growth acceleration...

				OBI-WAN
			I would like to meet this Jango
			Fett.

				TAUN WE
			I would be most happy to arrange
			it, for you.

TAUN WE bows, and leaves.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CLONE CENTER, CLASSROOM - DAY
The tour continues through a classroom filled with IDENTICAL YOUNG BOY CLONES.

				OBI-WAN
			You mentioned growth
			acceleration...

				LAMA SU
			Oh yes, it's essential.
			Otherwise, a mature clone would
			take a lifetime to grow. Now, we
			can do it in half the time. Those
			items you saw on the parade ground
			were started ten years ago, when
			Sido-dyas first placed the order,
			and they're already mature...

OBI-WAN looks at the BOY CLONES.

				OBI-WAN
			And these?

				LAMA SU
			About five years ago.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CLONE CENTER, HATCHERY - DAY
They enter a space filled with great racks of glass spheres, which are filled with fluid in which EMBRYOS are suspended.

				LAMA SU
			They're immensely superior to
			droids, capable of independent
			thought and action.

				OBI-WAN
			Very impressive.

				LAMA SU
			I'd hoped you would be pleased. 

OBI-WAN gazes at the nearest embryos.

				OBI-WAN
				(carefully)
			Tell me, prime minister, when my
			Master Sido-dyas first contacted
			you, did he say the order was
			for... himself... or?

				LAMA SU
			Himself? Of course not. This
			army is for the Republic?

				OBI-WAN
				(astonished)
			The Repubic?

				LAMA SU
			We are also very much agasint this
			Count Dooku and his seccessionist
			movement. We are proud to be of
			help to the Republic.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, APARTMENT - LATE DAY
TAUN WE shows OBI-WAN into his room.

				TAUN WE
			I have arranged for you to meet
			Jango Fett in the morning. Sleep
			well.

TAUN WE goes. The door slides closed behind him. OBI-WAN looks around, then moves swiftly to check the room over. Finally, satisfied, he takes out his comlink.

				OBI-WAN
			Arfour, Arfour...

EXT. TIPOCA CITY LANDING PLATFORM, JEDI FIGHTER, (RAINSTORM) - LATE DAY
The R4 D17, Obi-Wan's Astro-Droid, who is sitting on top of Obi-Wan's Starfighter, switches on and BEEPS.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, APARTMENT - LATE DAY
OBI-WAN hears ARFOUR BEEP through his comlink.

				OBI-WAN
			Arfour, relay this, "scramble code
			five," to Courscant: care of "the
			old folks home."

EXT. TIPOCA CITY LANDING PLATFORM, JEDI FIGHTER, (RAINSTORM) - LATE DAY
ARFOUR BEEPS and WHISTLES. The panels light up inside the cockpit, as the message is transmitted.

EXT. JEDI TEMPLE, LIVINF QUARTERS - EARLY EVENING
YODA and MACE WINDU listen as a hologram of OBI-WAN stands between them broadcasting the massage. The singnal is very weak, the image fades in and out.

				OBI-WAN (V.O.)
			...I've never heard of a Jedi
			called Sido-Dyas, have you, Master?

				MACE WINDU
			No. Whoever placed that order was
			not a Jedi, I can assure you.

				OBI-WAN (V.O.)
			I have a strong feeling that this
			bounty hunter is the assassin
			we're looking for.

				YODA
			Who he is working for... discover
			that, you must.

				OBI-WAN (V.O.)
			I will, Master, and I will also
			find out more about this clone
			army... May The Force...

The hologram switches off, and OBI-WAN fades away.

				WINDU 
			A clone army! Ordered by someone
			in the Senate perhaps... Someone's
			out to start a war.

				YODA
			Inform the chancellor of this, we
			must.

				WINDU
			Who do you think this impostor
			Sido-Dyas, could be?

YODA stares back at MACE WINDU, then slowly shakes his head.

EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT - NIGHT
The silent lodge. The triple moons of Naboo reflected in the tranquil waters of the lake.

INT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, ANAKIN'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
ANAKIN moves restlessly in his sleep. He mutters to himself. Sweat 
forms on his forehead. He turns violently. He cries out.

				ANAKIN
			No...No...No...Mom!...Don't,
			no, don't!

EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LODGE, BALCONY OVERLOOKING GARDENS - MORNING
ANAKIN is on the balcony overlooking the gardens. After a moment, PAMDE comes onto the balcony behind him. She sees he is meditating and turns to go.

				ANAKIN
				(eyes closed)
			Don't go.

				PAMDE
			I don't want to disturb you.

				ANAKIN
			Your presence is soothing.

Brief pause.

				PADME
			You had a nightmare again last
			night.

				ANAKIN
			Jedi don't have nightmares.

				PADME
			I heard you.

ANAKIN'S opens his eyes and looks at her.

				ANAKIN
			I saw my mother. I saw her as
			clearly as I see you now. She's
			suffering, Padme. She is in
			pain...They're killing her!
				(getting up)
			I know I'm disobeying my mandate
			to protect you, Senator. I know I
			will be punished and possibly
			thrown out of the Jedi Order, but
			I must go. I have to help her!
			I'm sorry, Padme. I don't have a
			choice.

				PADME
			Annie, I told you I wouldn't let
			you give up your future for me.
			I'll go with you. That way you
			can continue to protect me, and
			you won't be disobeying your
			mandate.

				ANAKIN
			What about Master Obi-wan?

PADME smiles and takes his hand.

				PADME
			I guess we won't tell him, will we?

EXT. NABOO LAKE, FLOATING LANDING PLATFORM - DAY
ANAKIN and PADME step onto the landing platform from the water speeder. They enter the Naboo Starship. ARTOO BEEPS, and follows them on board. The ramp retracts.

PADDY ACCU drives the water speeder away from the platform as Anakin's Starship takes off.

EXT. TIPOCA CITY (RAINSTORM) - DAY
Rain lashes the city. Below, mightly waves pound the stilts, breaking almost to the height of the platforms.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CORRIDOR - DAY
TAUN WE conducts OBI-WAN to the door of Jango Fett's apartment. TAUN WE waves his hand, and a muted bell RINGS.

As they wait, OBI-WAN notes the door lock entry mechanism. Then the door opens, and a ten-year-old boy, BOBA FETT, looks at them. He is identical to the boys in the classroom.

				TAUN WE
			Boba, is your father here?

There is a brief pause, then BOBA FETT nods.

				TAUN WE
				(continuing)
			May we see him?

				BOBA FETT
			Sure.

Another brief pause, then BOBA FETT steps aside, and TAUN WE and OBI-WAN go through.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, FETT APARTMENT - DAY
OBI-WAN, TAUN WE, and BOBA FETT enter the apartment. OBI-WAN looks around the room.

				BOBA FETT
			Dad! Taun We's here!

JANGO FETT comes in from the bedroom. He wears a jumpsuit. He is unshaven and mean looking, his face pitted with scars of old wounds. There are a couple of weird tattoos on his muscular forearms. He eyes OBI-WAN with suspicion.

				TAUN WE
			Welcome back, Jango. Was your
			trip productive?

				JANGO FETT
			Fairly.

OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT size each other up. BOBA FETT studies both of them.

				TAUN WE
			This is Jedi Master, Obi-Wan
			Kenobi. He's come to check on our
			progress.

				JANGO FETT
			That right?

JANGO FETT'S eyes fix OBI-WAN coldly.

				OBI-WAN
			Your clones are very impressive.
			You must be very proud.

				JANGO FETT
			I'm just a simple man, trying to
			make my way in the universe,
			Master Jedi.

				OBI-WAN
			Aren't we all?

OBI-WAN eyes the half-open bedroom door, through which a couple of pieces of body armour can be seen on the floor. JANGO FETT registers OBI-WAN'S look. He moves in front of him, blocking the view.

				OBI-WAN
				(continuing)
			Ever made your way as far into the
			interior as Coruscant?

				JANGO
			Once or twice.

				OBI-WAN
			Recently?

				JANGO
				(eyes Obi-Wan carefully)
			Possibly...

				OBI-WAN
			Then you must know Master Sido-
			Dyas?

				JANGO
			Boba, close the door.

BOBA FETT moves to close the bedroom door. JANGO FETT smiles thinly at OBI-WAN.

				JANGO
				(continuing)
			Master who?

				OBI-WAN
			Sido-Dyas. Isnt he the Jedi who
			hired you for this job?

				JANGO
			Never heard of him. I was
			recuited by a man called Darth
			Tyranus on one of the moons of
			Bogden.

				OBI-WAN
			No? I thought...

				TAUN WE
			Sido-Dyas told us to expect him.
			And he showed up just when your
			Jedi Master said he would. We
			have kept the Jedis involvement
			a secret until your arrival, just
			as your Master requested.

				OBI-WAN
			Curious...

				JANGO
			Do you like your army?

				OBI-WAN
			It seems to me it's your army -
			being that they are all clones of
			you.

				JANGO
				(grinning)
			They'll do their job well, I'll
			guarantee that.

				OBI-WAN
			I look forward to seeing them in
			action. Thank you for your time,
			Jango.

				JANGO
			Always a pleasure to meet a Jedi.

OBI-WAN and TAUN WE go out. The door slides closed. JANGO FETT turns to his son. He is deep in thought.

				BOBA
			What is it, Dad?

EXT. SPACE
The Naboo Starship heads toward the desert planet of Tatooine.

EXT. TATOOINE, MOS ESPA STREETS AND WATTO'S SHIP - DAY
The Naboo Starship lands in a large parking lot of Spaceships on the outskirts of Mos Espa. ANAKIN and PADME ride a rickshaw through the streets. ANAKIN stares at sights he hasn't seen for years. Finally, they come  to Wattos' shop, and the rickshaw stops.

				ANAKIN
				(to the droid driver)
			Wait, please.

ANAKIN and PADME get down. Sitting on a stool in front of the shop is WATTO. He is using a small electronic screwdriver on a fiddly DROID. THREE PIT DROIDS are chattering away and are trying to help him, but they seem only to make him madder.

				WATTO
				(yelling, in Huttese)
			No, not that one - that one!

				ANAKIN
				(arriving)
			Excuse me, Watto.

				WATTO
				(in Huttese)
			What?

				ANAKIN
				(in Huttese)
			I said excuse me.

WATTO turns to the chattering PIT DROIDS.

				WATTO
				(in Huttese)
			Shut down.

The PIT DROIDS snap into their storage position.

				WATTO
				(continuing, in Huttese)
			What? I don't know you... What can
			I do for you? You look like a
			Jedi. Whatever it is... I didn't
			do it.

WATTO drops the screwdriver and curses loudly in Huttese

				ANAKIN
			Let me help you with that.

ANAKIN takes the fiddly piece of equipment and starts to play with it. WATTO blinks in surprise.

				ANAKIN
				(continuing)
			I'm looking for Shmi Skywalker.

WATTO looks at him suspiciously. He stares at PADME, then back to ANAKIN.

				WATTO
			Annie?? Little Annie?? Naaaah!!

Suddenly, the fiddly piece of equipment in Anakin's hands WHIRS into life. WATTO blinks at it.

				WATTO
				(continuing; in English)
			You are Annie! It is you! You
			little womp rat.

WATTO gives ANAKIN a big hug.

				WATTO
				(continuing)
			You sure sprouted Weehoo! A
			Jedi! Waddya know? Hey, maybe
			you couldda help wit some
			daedbeats who owe...

				ANAKIN
			My mother...

				WATTO
			Oh, yeah. Shmi... she's not mine
			no more. I sold her.

				ANAKIN
			Sold her...

				WATTO
			Years ago. Sorry, Anne, but you
			know, business is business.
			Sold her to a moisture farmer
			named Lars. Least I think it was
			Lars. Believe it or not, I heard
			he freed her and married her. Can
			ya beat that?

				ANAKIN
			Do you know where they are?

				WATTO
			Long way from here... someplace
			over on the other side of Mos
			Eisley, I think...

				ANAKIN
			I'd like to know.

ANAKIN'S grim look means business; WATTO gets the hint quickly.

				WATTO
			Yeah... sure... absolutely. Let's
			go look in my records.

ANAKIN and WATTO go into the shop.

EXT. TIPOCA CITY (RAINSTORM) - DAY
The waves crash against the water city as the storm continues. Light suddenlyt streams from the base of a landing platform as a door slides open.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CORRIDOR - DAY
OBI-WAN stands with LAMA SU and TAUN WE just inside the open door.

				LAMA SU
			Tell your Council the first
			battalions are ready. And remind
			them that if they need more
			troops, we will need time to grow
			them.

				OBI-WAN
			I won't forget.

EXT. TIPOCA CITY, KAMINO LANDING PLATFORM (RAINSTORM) - DAY
OBI-WAN comes out from the tower into the driving ran. The door closes behind him. He pulls his robe around him and stands braced against the gale.

Below, a huge wave crashes against the stilts. Spray flies high and whips across the platform where OBI-WAN is standing. He walks over to his Starfighter, looks to see if anyone is watching, then turns and goes back to the door. It slides open.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, CORRIDOR - DAY
OBI-WAN enters cautiously from outside. Ahead, the corridor is deserted. He moves down it.

INT. TIPOCA CITY, FETT APARTMENT - DAY
OBI-WAN walks in to find the room in complete disorder. The bedroom door is wide open - clear signs of hurried departure. All of the Fetts' personal belongings are gone.

OBI-WAN goes to an ultra-thin computer screen. He punches up AN ONSCREEN PICTURE of JANGO FETT and BOBA FETT unhitching the lines securing their ship to the landing platform. JANGO FETT is wearing his armour and rocket pack. BOBA FETT climbs aboard the small Fighter.

EXT. TIPOCA CITY, KAMINO LANDING PLATFORM (RAINSTORM) - DAY
JANGO FETT picks up a case and swings it up to BOBA FETT, who stows it inside the ship. JANGO FETT picks up another case and is about to swing it, when:

				BOBA FETT
			Dad!!

JANGO FETT turns to see OBI-WAN charging out of the tower toward him. As he runs, OBI-WAN draws his lightsaber from his belt. It flashes on.

JANGO FETT draws his gun and fires at the charging JEDI. OBI-WAN deflects the blast and swings at JANGO FETT.

The bounty hunter rockets up and over OBI-WAN, landing behind him. He fires a thin wire from his wrist pack, trying to entangle the Jedi.

JANGO FETT fire several Kamino Kyber Darts from his elbow launcher. OBI-WAN deflects them back at JANGO FETT, but they strike harmlessly against the bounty hunter's armour.

IN THE COCKPIT of Jango Fett's ship, BOBA FETT grabs the controls of a laser gun and swings it to aim at OBI-WAN.

OUTSIDE, in the driving rain, OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT circle each other, sizing each other up - feinting.

IN THE COCKPIT, each time BOBA FETT is ready to fire, JANGO FETT blocks his view of OBI-WAN.

OUTSIDE, OBI-WAN makes a sudden attack, swinging at JANGO FETT, who deflects the blows. One slices off a piece of the bounty hunter's shoulder plate. JANGO FETT rockets into the air and hovers above OBI-WAN. The Jedi spins as:

IN THE COCKPIT, BOBA FETT fires.

OUTSIDE, the laser shell streaks past OBI-WAN to strike the edge of the tower. JANGO FETT fires down at OBI-WAN. The Jedi deflects the shots back, but JANGO FETT evades them. Then he swoops down, swinging around OBI-WAN. As he shoots past, he kicks the lightsaber out of the Jedi's hand.

The lightsaber skids across the wet surface of the landing platform. OBI-WAN dives after it. JANGO FETT zooms in front of him and grabs the lightsaber. OBI-WAN punches it out of his hand.

IN THE COCKPIT, BOBA FETT watches as:

OUTSIDE, OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT grapple and fight, punching, kicking, grabbing hold, and throwing each other around. OBI-WAN grabs JANGO FETT tightly, and JANGO FETT rockets up into the air and kicks OBI-WAN loose. OBI-WAN crashes to the deck and slides toward the edge. He grapples desperately for a handhold on the slick surface.

JANGO FETT rockets down to kick at him. OBI-WAN hauls himself up. JANGO FETT zooms to the far side of the platform.

OBI-WAN uses Jedi powers to pull part of the structure loose. It hits JANGO FETT, who loses his balance, teetering on the edge. OBI-WAN charges acress, dives, and grabs hold of JANGO FETT just as he falls over the edge.

Locked together, OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT plummet down toward the raging ocean. At the last moment, JANGO FETT fires a cable out of his backpack that shoots upward and locks onto a metal strut on the underside of the platform. OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT swing and CRASH onto one of the stilts.

OBI-WAN is knocked clear and drops onto a SMALL SERVICE PLATFORM just above the waves. He hauls himself to his feet. JANGO FETT hovers in mid-air opposite him, as a HUGE WAVE crashes over OBI-WAN. When it subsides, the Jedi has disappeared.

JANGO FETT rockets up to the landing platform, where he drops down beside his ship. He clambers inside the cockpit and settles into the pilot's seat. He punches buttons. The engines ROAR.

OUTSIDE, Jango Fett's ship lifts off from the platform and heads up into the lowering sky. It disappears. Lightning flashes. Rain lashes the tower and streams across the surface of the platform, to where:

A HAND suddenlt clutches at the very edge of the platform. A moment later, ANOTHER HAND grabs hold.

EXT. TATOOINE, BLUFF OVERLOOKING HOMESTEAD - LATE DAY
The Naboo Starship descends, hovers, and land on a bluff. ANAKIN and PADME get out. They look down from the edge of the bluff to where the homestead is seen on the desert floor below.

				PADME
			Stay with the ship, Artoo.

ARTOO WHISTLES as ANAKIN and PADME start down the trail toward the homestead.

EXT. TATOOINE, DESERT, HOMESTEAD MOISTURE FARM - LATE DAY
C-3PO is working outside the homestead. He still lacks an outer covering; his inner parts and wiring show. He looks up as ANAKIN and PADME arrive,

				C-3PO
			Good evening. May I help you?

				ANAKIN
			Threepio?

				C-3PO
			Oh, my... oh, my! Master
			Anakin! My goodness, I can hardly
			believe it! And this must be Miss
			Padme.

				PADME
			Hello, Threepio.

				ANAKIN
			I've come to see my mother.

				C-3PO
			Oh, dear! I'm so terribly sorry,
			Master Annie.

				PADME
			Threepio, what's happened?

				C-3PO
			I think we'd better go inside.

EXT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, COURTYARD - LATE DAY
ANAKIN, PADME and THREEPIO arrive in the courtyard. THREEPIO shuffles ahead.

				C-3PO
			Master Lars - Master Owen!
			Somebody to see you!

OWEN LARS and BERU WHITESUN come out into the courtyard.

				ANAKIN
			I'm Anakin Skywalker. I'm here
			looking for my mother.

				OWEN
			Owen Lars... I guess I'm your
			step-brother.
				(they shake hands)
			This is my girlfriend, Beru.

				BERU
			Hello.

				PADME
			I'm Padme.

				OWEN
			I had a feeling you might show up
			some day.

				ANAKIN
			Is my mother here?

				CLIEGG
			No, she's not.

CLIEGG LARS swings from the house on a small floating chair. One of his legs is heavily bandaged; the other is missing. He balances awkwardly and puts out a hand.

				CLIEGG
				(continuing)
			Cliegg Lars. Shmi is my wife...
			Come on inside. We have a lot to
			talk about.

INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, KITCHEN - LATE DAY
BERU puts several steaming cups of ardees on a tray and exits the kitchen...

				CLIEGG (O.S.)
			It was just before dawn. They
			came out of nowhere. A hunting
			party of Tusekn Raiders.

INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, DINING AREA - LATE DAY
CLIEGG, OWEN, PADME and ANAKIN sit around the table, BERU brings the drinks from the kitchen.

				CLIEGG
			Your mother had gone out early,
			like she always did, to pick
			mushrooms that grow on the
			vaporatos. From the tracks, she
			was about halfway when they
			took her. Those Tuskens walk like
			men, but they're vicious, mindless
			monsters. Thirty of us went out
			after her. Four of us came back.
			Three more are still out there
			looking. I'd be with them,
			only... I just couldn't ride any
			more... until I heal.

CLIEGG grimaces, easing his throbbing leg.

				CLIEGG
				(continuing)
			This isn't the way I wanted to
			meet you, son. This isn't how
			your mother and I planned it. I
			don't want to give up on her, but
			she's been gone a month. There's
			little hope she's lasted this long.

Silence. Then ANAKIN stands up.

				OWEN
			Where are you going?

				ANAKIN
			To find my mother.

				PADME
			No, Annie!

				CLIEGG
			She's daed, son. Accept it.

				ANAKIN
			I can feel her pain, and I will
			find her. I know she's alive.

ANAKIN turns abruptly.

EXT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, MOISTURE FARM - LATE DAY
ANAKIN stands looking across the desert. PADME comes running out of the homestead after him, followed by OWEN. ANAKIN turns to PADME.

				ANAKIN
			You are going to have to stay
			here. These are good people,
			Padme. You'll be safe.

				OWEN
			Take my speeder bike.

				PADME
			Anakin...

PADME hugs him. ANAKIN walks over to Owen's speeder bike, which is standing close by.

				ANAKIN
			I trust you'll watch over her,
			Owen.

				OWEN
			Don't worry.

ANAKIN swings onto the bike. The engine fires.

				ANAKIN
			I won't be long.

ANAKIN takes off across the desert. PADME watches him go.

EXT. SPACE, GEONOSIS
The red planet of Geonosis is circled by a large asteroid field that form rings. Jango Fett's ship appears, heading toward it.

INT. COCKPIT, FETT SHIP, SPACE, GEONOSIS
JANGO FETT grins at BOBA FETT.

				JANGO FETT
			Nearly there, son.

JANGO FETT guides he ship around the asteroids. Suddenly:

				BOBA FETT
			Dad, look!!

On the view screen, Obi-Wan's ship appears, chasing after them. JANGO FETT grabs the controls. They are thrown around as the ship plummets to try to lose OBI-WAN.

				JANGO FETT
			Hang on!

The ship goes into a power-climb. A GREAT SPACE DDOGFIGHT ensues between OBI-WAN and JANGO FETT.

EXT. SPACE, GEONOSIS
The ships flip, roll, and turn at incredible speed, didging, weaving and firing. They tumble from near misses. Hits fly off Obi-Wan's fighter as one of Jango's missiles gets through.

Finally, it seems as if OBI-WAN is getting the upper hand. JANGO FETT breaks off the fight and dives sharply. He maneuvers deftly between two huge asteroids.

In JANGO FETT'S COCKPIT, BOBA FETT flinches as asteroids pass very close by.

				BOBA FETT
			Dad! Watch out!

				JANGO FETT
			Stay calm, son. We'll be fine.
			That Jedi won't be able to follow
			us through this.

But Obi-Wan ship dives into the asteroid belt after them.

IN OBI-WAN'S COCKPIT, his skill is pushed to the limit as he throws the ship from side to side, avoiding great rocks. Then a huge asteroid tumbles across his path. There seem no way he can avoid it. OBI-WAN fires a couple of aerial torpedoes. They streak toward the asteroid.

IN JANGO'S COCKPIT, they see the huge explosion as Obi-Wan's ship appears to smash into the asteroid.

				BOBA FETT
			Got him! Yeahhhhh!

				JANGO FETT
			We won't see him again.

BOBA FETT laughs. Jango Fett's ship emerges from the asteroid belt and heads down toward the planet of Geonosis.

EXT. TATOOINE, DESERT, JAWA CAMP - SUNSET
ANAKIN stands in the middle of a crowd of JAWAS. He asks them from directions. The JAWAS confer exicitedly, then the CHIEF JAWA points in a particular direction. ANAKIN gets on the bike and speeds off to where the JAWA pointed.

EXT. TATOOINE, DUNE SEA, CAMPFIRE - TWILIGHT
ANAKIN rides over a large dune toward a small flickering light in the distance.

He rides up and stops the bike in front of a campfire. There are bodies of THREE DEAD FARMERS lying beside the campfire. TWO EOPIES are thethered nearby, along with a burned and smoking speeder.

EXT. TATOOINE, LANDSCAPE (FULL MOON) - NIGHT
THREE DIFFERENT SHOTS. ANAKIN rids the speeder bike through three exotic landscapes. In one shot, he stops and looks down at some tracks. Then he starts up his speeder and rides off.

EXT. TATOOINE, DESERT, HOMESTEAD (FULL MOON) - NIGHT
The lights of the vaporators blink in the night sky. Somewhere close by, a night animal HOWLS.

EXT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, COURTYARD (FULL MOON) - NIGHT
PADME is pacing the courtyard restlessly. She stops, listening to the animal HOWLING nearby. She shivers slightly, then turns and goes into the garage at the side of the courtyard.

INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD - GARAGE (FULL MOON) - NIGHT
PADME stands looking at a speeder parked in the garage. Short silence. Then:

				C-3PO
			Please don't leave us, Miss Padme.
			These people need your help.

THREEPIO is parked in a corner.

				PADME
			I'm not leaving, Threepio. I just
			can't sleep.

				C-3PO
			That's something I cannot relate
			to. As a Protocol Droid, I'm
			either active or inactive.
			There's no in-between.

				PADME
			I guess you're lucky.

				C-3PO
			Do you really think so..? I
			suppose I shouldn't expect...

				PADME
			You're not happy here?

				C-3PO
			Oh, I'm not unhappy... and my
			masters here ar so kind I
			wouldn't wish to trouuble them,
			it's just... being like this...
			well, it's embarrassing.

				PADME
			Being like what?

				C-3PO
			Naked. If you pardon the
			expression. You see, when Master
			Annie made me, he never quite
			found the time to give me any
			outer covering. It's so
			humiliating. How would you like it
			if you had to go around with all
			your circuits showing?

				PADME
			I guess I wouldn't like it at all.

				C-3PO
			Of course you wouldn't. Nobody
			would. It's simply not protocol.

PADME looks thoughtfully at a pile of spare parts and bits of metal and tools.

				PADME
			Maybe we can do something about it.

				C-3PO
			I don't think so. Only Master
			Annie...

				PADME
			Why not? They seem to have a box
			of old coverings here.

				C-3PO
			Oh? How observant of you, Miss
			Padme. Of course, I'm just not
			mechanically minded... if you see
			what I mean.

PADME picks up a piece of metal and holds it against him.

				PADME
			Let's see, if we put this...
			here...

				C-3PO
			Ooooh! That's tickles.

				PADME
			You'll have to be quiet, Threepio.
			Hold still, please.

EXT. SPACE, GEONOSIS RINGS
A huge chunk of rock tumbles slowly through the asteroid bely. CAMERA CLOSES, to discover Obi-Wan's Starship hidden in a blasted-out area on the pitted back side of the great rock.

INT. COCKPIT, JEDI FIGHTER, SPACE, GEONOSIS RINGS
OBI-WAN looks out toward Geonosis and sees in the distance a large fleet of Trade Federation Ships hidden among the asteroids. He starts the engines of his fighter.

Obi-Wan's Fighter moves out from the back side of the asteroid and heads away from the asteroid field, descending toward Geonosis.

EXT. GEONOSIS, LANDING AREA - NIGHT
Obi-Wan's ship skims across the top of a small mesa along the edge of a rocky ridge. He maneuvers under a rock overhang and lands. He gets out of the Fighter and walks onto the mesa. The wind whips at him. He looks around.

Geonosis is a red rock planet, featureless apart from buttes and mesas, and occasional tall stalagmites that stand out dramatically on the arid plains.

The night is quiet, except for an occasional WEIRD CRY. OBI-WAN checks his bearings, then heads away.

EXT. GEONOSIS, ROCK FACE TRAIL - NIGHT
OBI-WAN climbs a steep, narrow trail. Suddenly, a CRY is heard close by. OBI-WAN stumbles slightly. His foot slips on the edge, sending a stream of peblles skittering into the darkness.

OBI-WAN listens. Silence. He draws his lightsaber but does not ignite it.

He sets off again and works his way around a narrow corner, to confront a crouching MASSIFF (a dog-sized lizard) with slavering fangs! The beast leaps at him, and OBI-WAN ignites his lightsaber as the MASSIFF knocks him on his back. Its jaws open wide. OBI-WAN stabs the creature, throws it off of him, and jumps up.

A SECOND MASSIFF jumps from behind. OBI-WAN swings around and cuts it in half. The MASSIFF flies over the cliff, HOWLING. It plummets to its death hundreds of feet below.

EXT. TATOOINE, CLIFF (FULL MOON) - NIGHT
ANAKIN pulls up near the edge of a cliff. He gets off the bike and creeps to the edge. He looks over to see a Tusken camp in the oasis below. One of the huts at the edge of the camp has TWO TUSKEN GUARDS outside it.

EXT. TATOOINE, TUSKEN RAIDER CAMP, OASIS (FULL MOON) - NIGHT
ANAKIN creeps through the camp, working his way from hut to hut, flattening himself against the wall,s overhearing snatches of Tusken conversation from inside, using the shadows to him him until he arrives at the hut with the TWO GUARDS. They are sitting a short distance from the door. ANAKIN wriggles around the black. He takes out his lightsaber and cuts into the base of the wall.

INT. TUSKEN RAIDER HUTT - NIGHT
The lightsaber completes the hole in the wall. ANAKIN wriggles in. He pulls himself to his feet. There are candles everywhere.

A shaft of moonlight from a hole in the roof pierces the gloom of the hut. By its light, ANAKIN sees SHMI, hanging from a wooden frame in the middle of the hut.

He cuts her free, takes her into his arms, and lowers her gently to the ground. Her eyes are closed. Her face is bloodied. She has been 
terribly beaten. Anakin cradles her tenderly.

				ANAKIN
			Mom... Mom... Mom... 

SHMI'S eyelids flutter - and barely open. They are caked with blood.

				SHMI
			Annie...? Is it you?

SHMI'S eyes focus slowly. ANAKIN gives a little choking gasp.

				ANAKIN
			Im here, Mom. Youre safe. Hang
			on. Im going to get you out of
			here...

				SHMI
			Im so glad... to see you,
			Annie... Now... I am complete...

				ANAKIN
			Just stay with me, Mom. Im going
			to make you well again.
			Everythings going to be fine.

				SHMI
			You look so handsome. My son...
			my grown-up son. Im so proud of
			you, Annie... so proud... I missed
			you so much... I love...

SHMI dies. ANAKIN draws her to his breast. There is silence for a moment. ANAKIN lifts his head, listening for a moment, then he sits on the floor of the Tusken hut, cradling his dead mother in his arms.

EXT. GEONOSIS, ROCK FACE TRAIL - NIGHT
OBI-WAN arrives at the head of the trail. Far below, a flat plain stretches into the distance. He stop, peering into the darkness, where strange shapes loom indistinctly.

OBI-WAN takes a pair of electronic binoculars from his belt and puts them to his eyes. He sees a cluster of great towers like fantastic stalagmites rise from the plain below.

SLOW PAN with the binoculars, and suddenly a line of Battle Starships come into view. OBI-WAN touches the viewfinder. Between fifty and a hundred Federation Starships in near rows. Some are on platforms that are carrying the Starships diwn to an underground facility. Other platforms are rising to the surface. They carry THOUSANDS of BATTLE DROIDS that step off and file into the waiting ships. A fully loaded Starship takes off. OBI-WAN swings the binoculars upward, to see more Federation Starships.

EXT. TATOOINE, TUSKEN RAIDER CAMP, OASIS - DAWN
The pale light grows. Thin tendrils of smoke rise slowly in the cold, clear air. Somewhere an dog BARKS. An OLD WOMAN comes out of one of the huts. She carries a pail. She swirls it and tosses the dirty water onto the ground.

As she goes back inside the hut, a TUSKEN CHILD runs past, dragging a stick in the sand. The CHILD runs through the line of huts, turns a corner, and stops suddenly, staring at the bodies of the TWO TUSKEN GUARDS. Between them, ANAKIN stands outside the hut door. His face is a grim mask. The CHILD stares, then there is a FLASH OF LIGHT as Anakins lightsaber switches on.

EXT. GEONOSIS, LANDING AREA - NIGHT
OBI-WAN comes running back to his ship and climbs into the cockpit. He settles into his seat. His ARFOUR DROID beeps a happy greeting. OBI-WAN switches on his comlink.

				OBI-WAN
			"Guiding light" to "old folks
			home."

EXT. CORUSCANT, REPUBLIC EXECUTIVE BUILDING - DAY
LOW ANGLE. A line of reflecting pools with splashing fountains flanked by statues on each side leads to the main entrance to the awesome building.

INT. CORUSCANT, CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE
A hologram of OBI-WAN flickers in front of a group, made up of Jedi (YODA, MACE WINDU, and KI-ADI-MUNDI) and Senators (BAIL ORGANA, ASK AAK, LUMINARA, and JAR JAR). PALPATINE and MAS AMEDDA are in the middle of the group, watching with growing concern.

				OBI-WAN
			...Starships from the Trade
			Federation and the Commerce Guilds
			are taking deliveries of battle
			droids from the foundries on
			Geonosis.

				BAIL ORGANA
			That's outrageous! The treaty
			forbids the Trade Federation from
			building up an army. What are
			they doing?!

				OBI-WAN
			The droid foundry seems to be
			working at full capacity. I am
			going to go down and investigate.
			I will bring Jango Fett back home
			for interrogation.

				PALPATINE
			Those Geonosian foundries are part
			of the Techno Union. We will call
			in their representatives and ask
			them a few very pointed questions.

				OBI-WAN
			One more thing. Jango mentioned
			he was recruited by someone named
			Darth Tyranus. Any idea who that
			might be?

				YODA
			With the forename Darth, a Sith he
			must be.

				MACE WINDU
			Our missing apprentice. They are
			playing their hand at last.

				OBI-WAN
			Do you believe he could be the
			mysterious Sido-Dyas, who made the
			deal for the clone army?

				YODA
			Perhaps too many pieces are missing
			from this puzzle, there are.

				MACE WINDU
			Be careful, Obi-Wan. This
			investigation is becoming less
			than routine. Do you need help?

				OBI-WAN
			Let me see if I can figure out
			what's going on first.

The hologram of OBI-WAN fades off. PALPATINE stares at the spot where the hologram was in disbelief.

				BAIL ORGANA
			The Commerce Guilds are preparing
			for war... there can be no doubt
			of that.

				PALPATINE
			Count Dooku must have made a
			treaty with them.

				MACE WINDU
			We must stop them soon before
			they're fully ready.

				SENATOR ASK AAK
			The debate is over, we need
			that clone army now!

				BAIL ORGANA
			Unfortunately, the debate is not
			over. The Senate will never be
			able to approve the use of that
			army before the separatists
			attack.

Mas Amedda, who had been silent up until now suddenly speaks up.

				MAS AMEDDA
			This is a crisis! If the Senate
			votes the Chancellor emergency
			powers, he could approve the use
			of the army in a minute.

				PALPATINE
			Please, please, I don't wish to
			have emergency powers. That's too
			extreme a solution. It's akin to
			a dictatorship. We must rely on
			the Jedi. Master Yoda, how many
			are available to go to Geonosis?

MACE WINDU and YODA look at one another.

				YODA
			Two Hundred,... less or more.

				BAIL ORGANA
			With all due respect for the Jedi
			Order, two hundred will be no
			match for hundreds of thousands of
			battle droids.

				MACE WINDU
			Patience. We should wait for Obi-
			Wan to report back. We don't know
			that Count Dooku has made a treaty
			with the Corporate Alliance, it's
			speculation.

				SENATOR ASK AAK
			But we must prepare for the worst.
			I'm going to propose a motion
			granting emergency powers to the
			Chancellor at the next session. We
			must not wait!

				PALPATINE
			Out of the question, Senator! You
			and I are too closely aligned.
			The issue will become partisan and
			debates will begin. The proposal
			must come from a neutral source.

				MAS AMEDDA
			If only Senator Amidala were here.

JAR JAR steps forward from the back of the group.

				JAR JAR
			Supreme Chancellor... my august
			colleagues, I would be proud to
			propose the motion in question.
			This is a grave situation, and I'm
			sure Senator Amidala, and the
			Queen of Naboo would agree.

				SENATOR ASK AAK
			Thank you, Representative Binks.

Silence. Then PALPATINE sighs deeply.

				PALPATINE
			If called upon, I will serve. But
			it will be the saddest day of my
			life.

EXT. TATOOINE, DESERT, HOMESTEAD MOISTURE FARM - DAY
All is quiet. BERU comes out of the house. She goes to a moisture line and starts to draw water.

INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, GARAGE - DAY
PADME fixes the last piece of covering onto THREEPIO.

				PADME
			There!

PADME stands back. OWEN is with her. They look at THREEPIO. He isn't the golden figure we know because PADME has had to use whatever stuff she could findin the garage. He is multi-coloured in several textures, but he is complete.

				C-3PO
			Um. How do I look?

				OWEN
			Great! You look perfect.

				C-3PO
			Perfect? Oh, Miss Padme, I'm so
			happy!
				(extending his hand to shake hers)
			Oh, pardon me.

THREEPIO drops his hand and bows formally.

				THREEPIO
				(continuing)
			Thank you.

He forgets formality and hugs her. PADME hugs him back, laughing.

				C-3PO
				(continuing)
			Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!

				OWEN
				(grinning)
			Well, Padme, I think he should be
			yours from now on... I know that
			is what my Mom would want.

				C-3PO
			Oh, my!

Then suddenly, from outside:

				BERU (V.O.)
			Come topside, everybody! He's
			back! He's back!





PAGE 83

PAGE 84

PAGE 85

PAGE 86

PAGE 87

PAGE 88







INT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, GARAGE - DAY
A rough hologram of OBI-WAN is projected onto the garage by ARTOO. ANAKIN, PADME and THREEPIO watch the flickering image.

				OBI-WAN
			...Alliance have pledged their
			armies to Count Dooku and are
			forming an... Wait!... ah...
			attack... I don't... make it...
			aaaggghhh!

The hologram cuts off. ANAKIN jumps up, agitated.

				ANAKIN
			I'm going after him!

				PADME
			I thought the first thing he said
			was to retransmit his message to
			Coruscant.

				ANAKIN
			Yeah, you're right, you're right.

EXT. TATOOINE, HOMESTEAD, MOISTURE FARM - LATE DAY
ANAKIN, PADME, ARTOO and THREEPIO leave the homestead, waving to CLIEGG, OWEN and BERU as they go into the desert.

INT. COCKPIT, NABOO STARSHIP - SUNSET
ANAKIN sits down in the cockpit with PADME. THREEPIO is behind them. ARTOO is beside him. They are watching a hologram of MACE WINDU.

				MACE WINDU
			We will deal with Count Dooku. The
			most important thing for you,
			Anakin, is to stay where you are.
			Protect the Senator at all costs.
			That is your priority.

				ANAKIN
			Understood, Master.

The hologram switches off. PADME is looking at the readout on the ship's control panel.

				PADME
			They'll never get there in time to
			save him. They have to come half
			way across the galaxy. Look,
			Geonosis is less than a parsec away.

PADME starts to hit buttons and flick switches. ANAKIN puts a hand over hers, stopping her. She stares at him.

				ANAKIN
			If he's still alive.

				PADME
			Annie, are you just going to sit
			here and let him die?? He's your
			friend... your mentor...

				ANAKIN
			...He's like my father, but you
			heard Master Windu. He gave me
			strict orders to stay here.

				PADME
			He gave you strict orders to
			protect me...

PADME pulls her hand free and flicks more switches. The engines fire.

				PADME
				(continuing)
			...and I'm going to save Obi-Wan.
			So if you plan to protect me, you
			will have to come along.

ANAKIN grins and takes the controls.

EXT. TATOOINE, BLUFF OVERLOOKING HOMESTEAD - SUNSET
The Naboo Starship rises from the bluff and zooms away.

EXT. CORUSCANT, JEDI TEMPLE - DAY
TWO HUNDRED JEDI KNIGHTS are assembling outside the huge center of the Jedi Order.

INT. CORUSCANT, JEDI TEMPLE, COUNCIL CHAMBER - DAY
The JEDI COUNCIL are assembled as MACE WINDU makes his plea.

				MACE WINDU
			The longer we wait, the stronger
			Dooku's armies become. We cannot
			wait for the Senate to make up its
			mind about granting the Chancellor
			emergency powers, in order to be
			able to use that clone army... We
			have the authority to go now. We
			must go now.

All of the JEDI COUNCIL nod their approval.

				YODA
			Agreed, Master Windu. Two hundred
			Jedi send. Enough, let's hope
			they are.

INT. CORUSCANT, MAIN SENATE CHAMBER - DAY
Inside the great rotunda, the UPROAR is even louder. Opposing SENATOES yell furiously at one another.

				MAS AMEDDA
			Order! Order!!

Finally, the uproar dies.

				PALPATINE
			In the regrettable absence of
			Senator Amidala, the chair
			recognises Senior
			Representative of Naboo, Jar Jar
			Binks.

Amid the conflicting storm of CHEERS AND BOOS, JAR JAR, with TWO GUNGAN AIDES, floats on his pod to the middle of the vast space. He looks at PALPATINE nervously. PALPATINE nods. JAR JAR clears his throat.

				JAR JAR
			Senators, dellow felagates...

Laughter. Jeers. JAR JAR blushes.

				MAS AMEDDA
			Order! The Senate will accord the
			Representative the courtesy of a
			hearing!

Comparative quiet. JAR JAR grips the edge of the podium.

				JAR JAR
			In response to the direct threat
			to the Republic from the
			Confederacy of Independent
			Systems, I propose that the Senate
			gives immediate emergency powers to
			the Supreme Chancellor.

Uproar. JAR JAR looks a little sheepish.

				JAR JAR
				(continuing)
			Who can deny these are exceptional
			times? Exceptional times demand
			exceptional measures!
			Exceptional measures demand
			exceptional men!

				ORN FREE TAA
			We won't support a dictator.

SHOUTS of agreement.

				JAR JAR
			That is the sentiment every one of
			us agrees with! And when the
			shadow of war has dispersed and
			the bright day of liberty has
			dawned once again, the power we now
			give to the Supreme Chancellor
			will be gladly, and swiftly
			returned. Out ancient liberties
			will be restored to us, burnished
			even more brightly than before!

Brief silence, then a rolling wave of APPLAUSE. JAR JAR beams and bows.

PALPATINE rises.

				PALPATINE
			It is with great reluctance that
			I have agreed to this calling. I
			love democracy... I love the
			Republic. The fact that this
			crisis is demanding I be given
			absolute power to tule over you is
			evident. But I am mild by nature
			and have no desire to destroy
			the democratic process. The power you
			give me I will lay down when this
			crisis has abated, I promise you.
			And all I ask in return is when my
			current term of office is over,
			you allow me to reture and live
			out my life in peace.

				MAS AMEDDA
			We shall proceed to the vote. All
			those in favor of granting
			emergency powers to the Supreme
			Chancellor, signal ate at this
			time... those opposed?

EXT. SPACE
The Naboo Starship heads toward the rings of Geonosis.

EXT. GEONOSIS, LANDING AREA
The Naboo Starship lands.

INT. COCKPIT, NAOO STARFIGHTER - DAY
ANAKIN switches off the engines. ARTOO and THREEPIO are in the navigation area of the cockpit. PADME is in the co-pilot's seat. She gets up.

				ANAKIN
			Hey, where are you going?

				PADME
			To find Obi-Wan.

ANAKIN gets up and goes over to her.

				ANAKIN
			No! You're not!

He grabs her arm.

				PADME
			Let go of me!

				ANAKIN
			I'm not letting you go out there.
			It's too dangerous.

				PADM
			What?!?

				ANAKIN
			It's my job to protect you. I said
			it's too dangerous. You're not
			going, and that's final!

				PADM
			Don't you give me orders, Annie!
			I'm a Senator of the Galactic
			Republic. You have no authority
			to contain me, restrain me, or
			direct me! You remember your
			place, young man.
				(standing up)
			Now you can come along and protect
			me or stay here. It's up to you.

PADME storms out of the cockpit of the Naboo Starfighter. ANAKIN stands scratching his head, then follows.

ARTOO BEEPS and WHISTLES.

				C-3PO
			Yes, it is, Artoo. Most
			confusing. One moment they're
			generating a pleasant mutual
			attraction and the next, waves of
			violent hostility. Even though
			I'm programmed to understand them,
			I doubt if I ever shall.

ARTOO WHISTLES a plaintive sigh.

INT. GEONOSIS, CORRIDORS - DAY
ANAKIN and PADME enter the stalagmite city. They stop, looking around in wonder at the emptiness.

				PADME
				(in a low voice)
			It's empty!

They start forward. As they pass, the surface of the pillars seems to pulse slowly and move. High above WINGED CREATURES grow from the pillars and detach themselves.

INT. GEONOSIS, CENTRAL SQUARE - DAY
ANAKIN and PADME cross the square, reaching the middle. They stop suddenly as FOUR GEONOSIANS grabs them. ANAKIN reaches for his lightsaber.

				PADME
			Wait!

TWENTY WINGED GEONOSIANS carrying weapons alight on the flagstones in front of them.

The GEONOSIANS part, and COUNT DOOKU appears. He bows courteously.

				COUNT DOOKU
			Senator Amidala, I've heard so
			much about you.

				PADM
			Count Dooku, I assume.

				COUNT DOOKU
			I'm delighted to meet you at
			last. We have a great deal to
			discuss, Senator. I hope you can
			keep your young Jedi under control.

				PADM
			Don't worry he's housebroken.

INT. CONFERENCE ROOM (GEONOSIS) - DAY
COUNT DOOKU sits at a large conference table with PADME on the far 
side. ANAKIN stands behind her with FOUR GEONOSIANS GUARDS standing behind him. JANGO FETT stands behind COUNT DOOKU, and SIX GEONOSIAN GUARDS stand behind him.

				PADM
			You are holding a Jedi Knight, Obi-
			Wan Kenobi. I am formally
			requesting you turn him over to
			me, now.

				DOOKU
			He has been convicted of
			espionage, Senator, and will be
			executed. In just a few hours, I
			believe.

COUNT DOOKU smiles.

				PADM
			He is an officer of the Republic.
			You can't do that.

				DOOKU
			We don't recognise the Republic
			here, Senator. But if Naboo were
			to join our Alliance, I could
			easily hear your plea for clemency.

ANAKIN grabs his lightsaber but doesn't turn it on.

				PADM
			And if I don't join your
			rebellion, I assume this Jedi with
			me will also die?

				DOOKU
			I don't wish to make you to join
			our cause against your will,
			Senator, but you are a rational,
			honest representative of your
			people and I assume you want to do
			what's in their best interest.
			Aren't you fed up with the
			corruption, the bureaucrats, the
			hypocrisy of it all?.. Aren't
			you? Be honest, Senator.

				PADM
			The ideals are still alive, Count,
			even if the institution is failing.

				DOOKU
			You believe in the same ideals we
			believe in! The same ideals we
			are striving to make prominent.

				PADM
			If what you say is true, you
			should stay in the Republic and
			help Chancellor Palpatine put
			things right.

				DOOKU
			The Chancellor means well, M'Lady
			but he is incompetent. He has
			promised to cut the bureaucracy,
			but the bureaucrats are stronger
			than ever, no? Senator, the
			Republic cannot be fixed. It is
			time to start over. The
			democratic process in the Republic
			is a sham, a shell game played
			on the voters. It will not be long
			before the cult of greed, called
			the Republic, will lose even the
			pretext of democracy and freedom.

				PADM
			I cannot believe that. I will not
			forsake all I have honoured and
			worked for and betray the
			Republic. I know of your treaties
			with the Trade Federation, the
			Commerce Guilds, and the others,
			Count. What is happening here is
			not government that has been
			bought out by business... it's
			business becoming government!

				DOOKU
			Are you willing to betray your Jedi
			friends? Without your co-operation
			I can do nothing to stop their
			execution.

				PADM
			What is to happen to me? Am I to be
			executed also?

				DOOKU
			I wouldn't think of such an
			offence. But, there are
			individuals who have a strong
			interest in your demise, M'lady.
			It has nothing to do with
			politics, I'm afraid. It's purely
			personal, and they have already
			paid great sums to have you
			assassinated. I'm sure they will
			push hard to have you included in
			the executions. I'm sorry but if
			you are not going to co-operate, I
			must turn you over to the
			Geonosians for justice. I've done
			all I can for you.

JANGO FETT moves over to ANAKIN.

				JANGO FETT
			I'll take that weapon.

ANAKIN hesitates.

				DOOKU 
			You may cause a lot of bloodshed,
			my young Jedi, but you will not
			escape.

				PADM
			Anakin...

ANAKIN hands his lightsaber over to JANGO FETT.

INT. GEONOSIS, HIGH AUDIENCE CHAMBER - DAY
ANAKIN and PADME are standing in the centre of what looks like a courtroom. Seated before them in a tall, boxed-off area is POGGLE THE LESSER, Archduke of Geonosis. He is accompanied by his underling, SUN RIT. Off to one side the Separatist Senators PO NUDU, TESSEK, and TOONBUCK TOORA. Next to them are the Commerce Dignitaries, SHU MAI, NUTE GUNRAY, PASSEL ARGENTE, WAT TAMBOR and SAN HILL of the Intergalactic Bank Clan. Along the wall about a HUNDRED GEONOSIANS wait for a verdict.

				SUN RIT
			You have been charged and found
			guilty of Espionage.

				POGGLE
			Do you have anything to say before
			your sentence is carried out?

				PADM
			You are committing an act of war,
			Archduke. I hope you are prepared
			for the consequences.

POGGLE laughs. COUNT DOOKU simply smiles.

				POGGLE
			We build weapons, Senator... that
			is our business! Of course we're
			prepared!

				NUTE GUNRAY
			Get on with it. Carry out the
			sentence. I want to see her suffer.

				POGGLE
			Your other Jedi friend is waiting
			for you, Senator. Take them to
			the arena!

FOUR GUARDS take hold of PADME and ANAKIN. They are escorted out of the chamber to the sounds of chuckling.

INT. GEONOSIS TUNNEL TO EXECUTION ARENA - DAY
In the gloomy tunnel, ANAKIN and PADME are tossed into an open cart. The murmur of a vast crowd is heard offscreen. GUARDS extend their arms along the framework and tie them so that they stand facing each other.

The DRIVER gets up onto his seat.

				ANAKIN
			Don't be afraid.

				PADM
			I'm not afraid to die. I've been
			dying a little bit each day since
			you came back into my life.

				ANAKIN
			What are you talking about?

				PADM
			I love you.

				ANAKIN
			You love me?! I thought we
			decided not to fall in love. That
			we would be forced to live a lie.
			That it would destroy our lives...

				PADM
			I think our lives are about to be
			destroyed anyway. My love for you
			is a puzzle, Annie, for which I
			have no answers. I can't control
			it... and now I don't care. I
			truly, deeply love you, and before
			we die I want you to know.

PADME leans toward ANAKIN. By straining hard, it is just possible for 
their lips to meet. They kiss.

				ANAKIN
			I have no desire to be cured of
			this love either. Long or short,
			I vow to spend the rest of my life
			with you.

They kiss again.

The DRIVER cracks his whip over the ORRAY harnessed between the shafts. The cart jerks forward. Suddenly, there isa HUGE ROAR and blinding sunlight as they emerge into the arena

INT. GEONOSIS, EXECUTION ARENA - DAY
The great stadium is packed with tier upon tier of yelling GEONOSIANS. The cart trundles to the center, where OBI-WAN is chained to one of four upright posts thatare three feet in diameter. The cart stops. PADME and ANAKIN are taken down, dragged to posts, and chained to them. PADME is in the center.

				OBI-WAN
			I was beginning to wonder if you
			had gotten my message.

				ANAKIN
			I retransmitted it as you
			requested, Master. Then we decided
			to come and rescue you.

				OBI-WAN
			It looks like you're going a good
			job so far.

Their arms are pulled high above their heads, and the cart drives away. There is another ROAR as POGGLE THE LESSER, COUNT DOOKU, NUTE GUNRAY, THE FETTS and DIGNITARIES arrive in the archducal box and take their places.

				SUN RIT
			The felons before you have been
			convicted of espionage against the
			Sovereign System of Geonosis.
			Their sentence of death is to be
			carried out in this public arena
			henceforth.

The crowd ROARS and CHEERS. In the box, POGGLE THE LESSER rises. The crowd becomes quiet.

				POGGLE
			Let the executions begin!

The crowd goes wild.

				ANAKIN
			I have a bad feeling about this.

From different gates around the arena, THREE MONSTERS are driven in. One is a REEK (bull-like), one is a NEXU (lion-like), and one is an ACKLAY (a kind of dino-lobster). They are driven in by PICADORS carrying long spears and riding ORRAYS. The PICADORS poke the MONSTERS toward the center, then retire to the perimeter.

The MONSTERS toss their heads, looking around, ROARING or SCREECHING. Then they catch sight of the THREE CAPTIVES and start moving toward them.

				OBI-WAN
			Take the one the left. I'll
			take the one on the right.

				ANAKIN
			What about Padme?

PADME has turned around and is pulling herself up by the chain to the top of the post. Within a moment, she is standing on top of it, trying to pull the chain free.

				OBI-WAN
			It looks like she's already on top
			of things.

The REEK charges ANAKIN. He jumps up, and the beast hits the post hard. ANAKIN lands onto its back, wrapping part of his chain around its horn. The REEK backs off, shaking its head angrily, which tears the chain from the post

OBI-WAN ducks around the post as the ACKLAY charges. It knocks the post flat, sending OBI-WAN sprawling. The ACKLAY crunches the post between its claws, freeing the chain. OBI-WAN leaps up and runs towards ONE of the PICADORS. The ACKLAY taks off after him.

The NEXU arrives at PADME'S post and rears on its hind legs. One top, PADME struggles to tear the chain free. The NEXU ROARS, displaying wicked, dripping fangs.

In the archducal box, NUTE GUNRAY beams and rubs his hands.

In the arena, OBI-WAN runs at the PICADOR. The ORRAY rears up. OBI-WAN grabs the PICADOR'S long spear and pole vaults over him. The chasing ACKLAY smashes into the ORRAY. It goes down. The PICADOR tumbles onto the sand, where he is grabbed by the ACKLAY and crunched.

ANAKIN's REEK starts to buck. It charges around the arena with ANAKIN hanging on for dear life. He whirls the free length of chain around his head and casts it into the REEK's mouth. Its jaws clamp hard on the chain. ANAKIN yanks hard on the chain, turning the REEK, beginning to ride it.

The NEXU's claws dig deep into the post. The cat-like creature reaches the top of the post and takes a swipe at PADME. She turns and the claw barely catches her shirt ripping it off, leaving superficial claw marks across her back. She hits the creature with her chain and it backs off down the pole. Then, PADME jumps off the post into the air. She swings around on the chain and whacks the beast hard on the head with both her feet. It tumbles back onto the sand.

In the archducal box:

				NUTE GUNRAY
			Foul!! She can't do that... shoot
			her or something!

In the arena, OBI-WAN runs out from behind the fallen ORRAY and throws the spear at the ACKLAY, hitting it in the neck. It lets out a terrible SCREECH and turns on him. The NEXU springs up and makes to leap up at PADME again. She finally manages to work the chain loose. ANAKIN comes charging up on the REEK.

				ANAKIN
			You okay?

				PADME
				(nods, gasping)
			Sure! Well, sort of.

				ANAKIN
			Jump!!!

The NEXU springs. PADME leaps from the top of the post to land on the REEK in front of ANAKIN. He hauls her upright. The REEK charges away, around the arena. The NEXU bounds after it. The REEK passes the wounded ACKLAY. The NEXU smells the blood and turns aside to attack the ACKLAY. The TWO MONSTERS fight. The crowd GROANS and BOOS.

In the archducal box, NUTE GUNRAY turns angrily to COUNT DOOKU.

				NUTE GUNRAY
			This isn't how it's supposed to
			be! Jango, finish her off.

COUNT DOOKU motions for the bounty hunter to ptay put. BOBA FETT is enjoying the spectacle.

				COUNT DOOKU
				(smiling enigmatically)
			Patiece, Viceroy... she will die.
			Maybe this is the way it's
			supposed to end.

OBI-WAN runs and jumps on the back of the REEK behind ANAKIN. Across the arena, the NEXU, having chewed up the ACKLAY, starts to advance toward them.

INT. COCKPIT, NABOO STARSHIP - DAY
ARTOO BEEPS

				C-3PO
			Yes, it has been rather a long
			time. Do you suppose something's
			happened to them?

ARTOO BEEPS and WHISTLES.

				C-3PO
				(continuing)
			Danger? Oh no, I shouldn't think
			so. It looks a very dull planet
			to me. They should be back
			shortly. Just stop worrying, Artoo.

EXT. GEONOSIS, EXECUTION ARENA - DAY
In the archducal box, amid the uproar, COUNT DOOKU feels a tap on his shoulder. He turns to see MACE WINDU standing behind him. COUNT DOOKU masks his surprise elegantly as he surveys the arena and sees JEDI KNIGHTS standing at every entrance and exit.

				COUNT DOOKU
			Master Windu, how pleasant of you
			to join us. You're just in time
			for the moment of truth. I would
			think these two new boys of yours
			could use a little more training.

				MACE WINDU
			Sorry to disappoint you, Dooku.
			This party's over.

MACE WINDU signals, and at stategic places around the arena there are sudden flashes of light as about ONE HUNDRED JEDI switch on their lightsabers. The crowd is suddenly silent. COUNT DOOKU'S lips curl in slight amusement.

				COUNT DOOKU
				(to Mace Windu)
			Brave, but stupid, my old Jedi
			friend. You're impossibly
			outnumbered.

				MACE WINDU
			I don't think so. One Jedi has to
			be worth a hundred Geonosians.

COUNT DOOKU looks around the great theater. His smile grows.

				COUNT DOOKU
			It wasn't the Geonosians I was
			thinking about. How well do you
			think one Jedi will hold up
			against a thousand battle droids?

COUNT DOOKU signals. THOUSANDS OF DROIDS start to pour into all parts of the arena.

MACE WINDU draws his lightsaber, JANGO FETT draws his guns and fires at MACE WINDU, who deflects the shots. JANGO FETT and MACE WINDU jump into the arena, where they fight. BOBA FETT wacthes his Dad and the Jedi Master fight. The battle beginss. GEONOSIANS fly away everywhere. DROIDS fire at JEDI, who deflect the bolts and cult down the DROIDS. The GEONOSIAN TROOPS fire ray guns that are more difficult for the JEDI to deflect.

The REEK and the NEXU are spooked by the battle. The REEK bucks the riders off its back and stampedes around the arena, trampling DROIDS and JEDI that have moved into its path. PADME picks up a discarded pistol and joins the fight. SEVERAL JEDI run to the center of the arena and toss lightsabers to OBI-WAN and ANAKIN.

Among the crowd, JEDI cut down swaths of GEONOSIANS and DROIDS. On the sand, JEDI fight, attacking DROIDS. OBI0WAN and ANAKIN swing their lightsabers, cutting DROIDS in half. PADME blasts away at DROIDS and GEONOSIANS.

INT. COCKPIT, NABOO STARSHIP
ARTOO whistles.

				C-3PO
			I don't hear anything.
				(Artoo beeps)
			You're scaring me! Stop imagining
			things!

EXT. GEONOSIS, EXECUTION ARENA - DAY
Among the tiers, JEDI are slowly being driven back. They have killed heaps of GEONOSIANS and have kncoked out piles of DROIDS, but sheer numbers are telling. Individual JEDI are being cut down or blasted/ The rest are retreating into the arena.

ANAKIN and PADME are back-to-back, fighting DROIDS and flying GEONOSIANS. MACE WINDU fights fiercely with JANGO FETT. Finally, the bounty hunter falls. His helmet goes flying, bouncing down the steps, tumbling and rolling, kicked here and there by random feet. The bounty hunter's body falls to the ground.

MACE WINDU runs to the center of the arena and fights back-to-back with OBI-WAN, as they swipe and mangle DROIDS.

				OBI-WAN
			Someone's got to - shut down -
			these droids.

				MACE WINDU
			Don't worry! It's being - taken
			care of!

EXT. GEONOSIS, FEDERATION STARSHIP - DAY
KI-ADI-MUNDI leads a raiding party of about TWENTY JEDI through the lines of parked Battle Starships. They cut a swath through masses of DROIDS until they arrive at the Command Starship. Some JEDI fall. The rest cut their way up the ramps and into the Command Ship.

INT. COMMAND FEDERATION STARSHIP, CORRIDORS - DAY
KI-ADI-MUNDI and teh surviving JEDI fight their way through the corridors of the Command Ship, deflecting laser bolts, slicing DROIDS.

INT. COMMAND FEDERATION STARSHIP, CONTROL BRIDGE - DAY
THEY burst onto the bridge and chop down the COMMAND DROIDS. The NEIMOIDIANS flee in all directions. KE-ADI-MUNDI leans over the control panel. He locates the illuminated master switch and punches down on it. It goes dark. Instantly, all the DROIDS on the Starship and all the DROIDS in the arena FREEZE!

There is a moment of stunned silence, then the JEDI CHEER. One the bridge, PLO KOON claps KI-ADI-MUNDI on the back.

				PLO KOON
			We've done it! Now we have a
			chance!

Suddenly, there is a harsh BEEPING SOUND. All the DROIDS on the Starship and all the DROIDS in the arena start fighting again! KI-ADI-MUNDI stares in disbelief and dismay.

				KI-ADI-MUNDI
			The system's off but they're still
			active. That's a new feature. They
			are independent of the control
			system.

EXT. GEONOSIS, EXECUTION ARENA - DAY
MACE WINDU, OBI-WAN, ANAKIN, PADME and an exhausted group of about TWENTY JEDI stand in the center of the arena surrounded by a ring of BATTLE DROIDS. The bloodied sand around them is strewn with the bodies of DEAD GEONOSIANS, SHATTERED DROIDS and JEDI.

At the foot of some steps, BOBA FETT finds his father's battered helmet. He picks it up.

KI-ADI-MUNDI and the SURVIVORS from the raiding party are herded into the arena by SUPERDROIDS. From the encircling tiers above, THOUSANDS OF BATTLE DROIDS level their weapons menacingly.

In the archducal box, COUNT DOOKU lifts his hand. The DROIDS lower their weapons. The COUNT calls out to the JEDI.

				COUNT DOOKU
			Master Windu!

Silence.

				COUNT DOOKU
				(continuing)
			You have fought gallantly. Worthy
			of recognition in the history
			archives of the Jedi Order. Now
			it is finished.
				(pauses briefly)
			Surrender - and your lives will be 
			spared.

				MACE WINDU
			We will not be hostages for you to
			barter with Dooku.

				COUNT DOOKU
			Then, I'm sorry, old friend. You
			will have to be destroyed.

The DROIDS raise their weapons. ANAKIN and PADME clasps hands tightly. COUNT DOOKU raises his hand to give the order to fire. PADME looks up suddenlt and whispers to ANAKIN.

				PADME
			Look!

Above, six Gunships are descending fast through the open area in the arena ceiling. They land in a cluster around the handful of JEDI. CLONE TROOPERS spill out and start firing at the DROIDS. There is a hellstorm of laserfire that bounces off the laser shields created by the Gunships. YODA appears at the door of one of the Gunships.

				YODA
			Come on - hurry! Hurry!

The SURVIVING JEDI dash to the Gunships and scramble in. MACE WINDU hangs on tight as the Gunship, firing all its weapons, rises out of the arena up and over the topmost rim.

EXT. GEONOSIS, TERRAIN OUTSIDE EXECUTION ARENA - DAY
The massed lines of parked Federation Starships and the DROIDS surrounding the arena, are themselves surrounded by thousands of Republic Starships, disgorging TENS OF THOUSANDS OF CLONE TROOPERS. Beyond, more Republic Starships are landing and spewing out troops.

INT. GUNSHIP NUMBER ONE - DAY
MACE WINDU stares at the incredible sight.

				YODA
			More battalions to the left.
			Encircle them we must, then
			divide.

The CLONE TROOPERS open fire with artillery. EXPLOSIONS wreck the parked Battle Starships. CLONE TROOPERS advance, firing at the massed DROIDS. FIGHTER DROIDS fly overhead, exchanging fire with the Gunships and JEDI fighters.

INT. COCKPIT, NABOO STARSHIP - DAY
THREEPIO and ARTOO see flashes outside of the ship, exploding everywhere.

				C-3PO
			I'm sure I heard something, this
			time. Didn't you? It's probably
			just a celebration

ARTOO lets out an EXHAUSTED BLEEP.

EXT. BATTLEFIELD, GEONOSIS LANDSCAPE - DAY
Gunship #2 skims the battlefield, firing down, deflecting answering fire from the droids.

INT. GUNSHIP NUMBER TWO - DAY
OBI-WAN, ANAKIN and PADME are at the open sides of the Gunship. CLONES fire down at the DROIDS below.

The Gunship slows, circling over a droid gun-emplacement. It blasts it, but suddenly the Gunship is rocked by a near miss. It lurches violently.

				OBI-WAN
			Hold on! Look over there...

Through the other side of the Gunship, they see a Geonosian Speeder racing past. In the open cockpit is the unmistakable figure of COUNT DOOKU.

				ANAKIN
			It's Dooku, go after him!

The PILOT starts to comply, but... there is a HUGE BLASTS, the ship lurches on its side, and PADME tumbles out.

				ANAKIN
				(continuing)
			Padme!!!

ANAKIN stares down in horror as PADME hits thr ground below.

				ANAKIN
				(continuing; to pilot)
			Put the ship down! Down!

				OBI-WAN
			No! Forget her. We have to go
			after Dooku.

				ANAKIN
			No we're not!! Land this ship!

				OBI-WAN
			Don't let your personal feelings
			get in the way. We've got a job to
			do.

Below, PADME hauls herself to her feet and waves for them to go after DOOKU.

				ANAKIN
			I don't care!.. Go back.

				OBI-WAN
			Anakin! She's all right! Look.

ANAKIN stares out to see PADME rescued by CLONE TROOPERS.

				OBI-WAN
				(continuing)
			Follow that speeder!

On the ground, PADME looks up at Gunship #2 as it speeds away after Count Dooku. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN follow the speeder to a Geonosian tower. The speeder decsends rapidly; the Gunship follows.

Count Dooku's speeder parks outside the tower; the Gunship parks next to it. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN leap down and run inside the tower.

INT. GEONOSIS, SECRET HANGER TOWER - LATE DAY
COUNT DOOKU throws switches on a control panel. His Interstellar Sail Ship is guarded by a SQUAD OF SUPER BATTLE DROIDS. The doors of the exit-port slide open.

				DROID CAPTAIN
			Your Excellency!

COUNT DOOKU turns as OBI-WAN and ANAKIN run in through the hanger doors. They draw their lightsabers. The DROIDS raise their weapons.

				COUNT DOOKU
			That won't be necessary, Captain.
			Stand down. And leave them to me.

The DROIDS lower their weapons and back off to the walls. COUNT DOOKU looks at OBI-WAN and ANAKIN with slight amusement.

				OBI-WAN
				(to Anakin)
			We move in together - you slowly
			on the...

				ANAKIN
			I'm taking him now!

				OBI-WAN
			Anakin, no!

				ANAKIN
			You'll pay for all the Jedi you've
			killed today, Dooku.

ANAKIN charges across the open space at COUNT DOOKU, who smiles faintly, watching him come. ANAKIN raises his lightsaber. At the last moment, COUNT DOOKU thrusts out an arm, and ANAKIN is lifted up, hurled across the room, and slammed into the opposite wall. He slumps to the foot of the wall, semi-conscious. COUNT DOOKU moves toward OBI-WAN

				COUNT DOOKU
			Kenobi, isn't it? As you can see,
			my Jedi powers are far beyond
			yours. Now, back down.

				OBI-WAN
			I don't think so.

OBI-WAN lifts his lightsaber. COUNT DOOKU smiles.

				COUNT DOOKU
			Ah, but if I must.

COUNT DOOKU draws his lightsaber. He and OBI-WAN start to circle each other.

				COUNT DOOKU
				(continuing)
			I have spent the last ten years
			learning to use the power of the
			Dark Side. It gives me infinitely
			greater power.

				OBI-WAN
			You will have to prove it.

OBI-WAN comes in fast, swinging at COUNT DOOKU'S head. DOOKU parries the cut easily. As they fight, it quickly becomes clear that DOOKU is the complete swordsman - elegant, graceful, classical - a master of the old style.

				COUNT DOOKU
			Grand Master Kenobi, you
			disappoint me. Yoda holds you in
			such high esteem.

COUNT DOOKU parried another cut.

				COUNT DOOKU
				(continuing)
			Surely you can do better...?
				(parries)
			No, I'm surprised. Has Jedi
			swordsmanship degenerated so
			quickly, or are you trying to make
			fun of me?
				(cuts)
			Which is it?

COUNT DOOKU thrusts. OBI-WAN steps back quickly, panting for breath.

				COUNT DOOKU
				(continuing)
			come, come, Master Kenobi. Put me
			out of my misery.

OBI-WAN takes a deep breath, gets a fresh grip on his lightsaber and comes in again. For a moment, he drives COUNT DOOKU back. Then Dooku's superior skill begins to tell again, and he forces OBI-WAN to retreat.

COUNT DOOKU increases the tempo of his attack. OBI-WAN is pushed to the limit to defend himself. DOOKU presses. His lightsaber flashes.

OBI-WAN is wounded in the shoulder, then the thigh. He stumbles back against the wall, trips, and falls. His lightsaber goes skittering across the floor.

COUNT DOOKU raises his lightsaber. OBI-WAN looks up helplessly. Dooku's lightsaber flashes down and CLASHES against - Anakin's lightsaber! COUNT DOOKU and ANAKIN stare eyeball to eyeball.

				COUNT DOOKU
				(continuing)
			That's brave of you, boy - but
			foolish. I would have thought
			you'd have learnt your lesson.

				ANAKIN
			I'm a slow learner.

And ANAKIN charges at COUNT DOOKU. The force of his attack catches the Count slightly off balance. Anakin's lightsaber flashes. COUNT DOOKU draws back, putting a hand to his arm. He takes the hand away and looks at the smear of blood whee Anakin has nicked him.

				COUNT DOOKU
			You have unusual powers, young
			Padawan. But not enought to save
			you this time.

				ANAKIN
			Don't bet on it!

				OBI-WAN
			Anakin!

OBI-WAN uses the Force to catch his lightsaber and he tosses it to ANAKIN. With TWO LIGHTSABERS, ANAKIN attacks. COUNT DOOKU parries and ripostes. It is no contest. ANAKIN is driven back against the wall. He loses one lightsaber. Finally COUNT DOOKU, in one flashing move, sends Anakin's arm, cut at the elbow, flying still gripping his lightsaber. ANAKIN drops to the ground in agony. COUNT DOOKU draws himself up to deliver the coup de grace.

Suddenly, the great doors slide open. The DROIDS turn fast, raising their weapons. Through the thick smoke, emerges the heroic figure of YODA. He stops on the smoke-filled threashold, FOUR DROIDS lined up on either side of him, guns pointed.

Before the DROIDS can get off a shot, YODA raises his hand, and the DROIDS are flung against the far walls and crash to the floor in heaps of smoking metal.

Silence. COUNT DOOKU steps away from ANAKIN to face the Jedi Grand Master. His lightsaber whirls in a formal salute.

				COUNT DOOKU
			Master Yoda. At last we shall
			know who is the most powerful.

YODA draws a miniature lightsaber out of his cane. He salutes formally.

				YODA
			Count Dooku. No interest in
			contests, do I have.

COUNT DOOKU charges across the space at YODA. He rains down blows upon the tiny figure. YODA doesn't budge an inch. For the first part of the contest, he parries every cut and thrust that Dooku aims. Nothing the great swordsman tries gets through. His energy drains. His strokes become feebler, slower.

YODA attacks! He flies forward. COUNT DOOKU is forced to retreat. Wprds are insufficient to describe the range and skill of Yoda's speed and swordplay. His lightsaber his a humming blur of light.

Count Dooku's lightsaber is sent cartwheeling from his hand. He staggers back, gasping and spent, against the control panel. YODA jumps onto DOOKU'S shoulders, and is about to drive the lightsaber into the top of the Count's head.

				YODA
				(continuing)
			The end for you, Count, this is.

				COUNT DOOKU
			...Not yet...

COUNT DOOKU raises his arms and knocks YODA off his shoulders and then, with all his might, he uses the Force to pull on one of the cranes in the hanger. It comes crashing down on OBI-WAN and ANAKIN. But in the blink of and eye, YODA is under the crane, holding it up, using the Force. YODA closes his eyes and concentrates.

ANAKIN is unconscious, and OBI0WAN tries toget out from under the crane. The fallen crane trembles and starts to life. Behind it, the sound of the Sail Ship's engines are heard starting up.

YODA concentrates harder. Slowly, the crane rises. The SOUND OF THE ENGINES increases. YODA exerts every scrap of his powers. The crane lifts clear of ANAKIN and is thrown to the ground. DOOKU'S Sail Ship takes off. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN struggle to the exhausted YODA, but it's too late. The Sail Ship rises into the air and flies away. PADM and a CLONE CAPTAIN with about TEN TROOPERS appear in the doorway.

				PADM
			Anakin!

PADM runs too him and throws her arms around him. ANAKIN is barely able to stand up. The CLONE CAPTAIN marches up to YODA, stops, and salutes smartly.

				CLONE CAPTAIN
			Resistance is at an end, General.
			What are your orders ?

YODA looks at him and sighs.

EXT. CORUSCANT, OLD TOWN - DAWN
COUNT DOOKU'S Interstellar Sail Ship glides through a deserted, burned-out part of Coruscant. COUNT DOOKU manoeuvres the ship into one of the empty buildings and lands.

INT. CORUSCANT, SECRET LANDING PLATFORM - DAWN
The ramp lowers. COUNT DOOKU emerges and walks to where the hooded figure of DARTH SIDIOUS stands waiting. COUNT DOOKU bows.

				COUNT DOOKU
			The Force is with us, my Master.

				DARTH SIDIOUS
			Welcome home, Lord Tyranus. You have
			done well.

				COUNT DOOKU
			I bring you good news, my Lord.
			The war has begun.

				DARTH SIDIOUS
			Excellent. 
			 	(smiling)
			Everything is going as planned.

EXT. CORUSCANT, JEDI TEMPLE - SUNSET
The beautiful temple basks in the red glow of the setting sun.

INT. JEDI TEMPLE, COUNCIL CHAMBER - SUNSET

				MACE WINDU
			Where is your apprentice?

				OBI-WAN
			On his way back to Naboo. He is
			escorting Senator Amidala home.

They are standing, looking out through the tall windows at the great plaza below. YODA sits in his chair.

				OBI-WAN
				(continuing)
			I must admit without the clones,
			it would not have been a victory.

				YODA
			Victory? Victory, you say?

OBI-WAN turns and looks at the sad little Jedi sitting in the Council Chamber. Apart from KI-ADI-MUNDI and PLO KOON, who is wounded, the Chamber is empty.

				YODA
				(continuing)
			Not victory, a defeat, it was...
			Master Obi-Wan. Begun, the Clone
			War has!

EXT. NABOO LAKE RETREAT, LODGE, GARDEN - LATE DAY
In a rose-covered arbor overlooking the sparkling late, ANAKIN and PADME stand before a NABOO HOLY MAN.

THREEPIO and ARTOO stand by, watching, as the HOLY MAN blesses the happy couple and, amid gently falling rose petals, ANAKIN and PADME kiss.

EXT. CORUSCANT, MILITARY STAGING AREA, BALCONY - LATE DAY
PALPATINE, JAR JAR, BAIL ORGANA and the OTHER SENATORS, with TWO ROYAL GUARDS, stand looking down at the square below.

TENS OF THOUSANDS OF CLONE TROOPS are drawn up in a strict formation or move forwards in near files to climb the ramps of the Military Assault Ships.

On the balcony, PALPATINE'S expression is deeply sad. Everyone watches comberly as, in the square, loaded Assault Ships take off. Other land immediately in their place. The sky above is thick with transports. CLONE TROOPS march and board the Ships.

The Great Clone War has begun...

FADE OUT:

THE END

                          THE EMPIRE STRIKES BACK


				 Written by
     
                              Lawrence Kasdan 

                                    and 

                              Leigh Brackett

				   
                        From a story by George Lucas

					
					
					

EXT. GALAXY - PLANET HOTH

A Star Destroyer moves through space, releasing Imperial probe robots 
from its underside.  

One of these probes zooms toward the planet Hoth and lands on its ice-
covered surface.  An explosion marks the point of
impact.  

EXT. HOTH - METEORITE CRATER - SNOW PLAIN - DAY

A weird mechanical sound rises above the whining of the wind.  A 
strange probe robot, with several extended sensors, emerges from the 
smoke-shrouded crater.  The ominous mechanical probe floats across the 
snow plain and disappears into the distance.

EXT. PLAIN OF HOTH - DAY

A small figure gallops across the windswept ice slope.  The bundled 
rider is mounted on a large gray snow lizard, a Tauntaun.  Curving 
plumes of snow rise from beneath the speeding paws of the two-legged 
beast.

The rider gallops up a slope and reins his lizard to a stop.  Pulling 
off his protective goggles, Luke Skywalker notices something in the 
sky.  He takes a pair of electrobinoculars from his utility belt and 
through them sees smoke rising from where the probe robot has crashed.

The wind whips at Luke's fur-lined cap and he activates a comlink 
transmitter.  His Tauntaun shifts and moans nervously beneath him.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Echo Three to Echo Seven.  Han, 
		old buddy, do you read me?

After a little static a familiar voice is heard.

				HAN
			(over comlink)
		Loud and clear, kid.  What's up?

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Well, I finished my circle.  I 
		don't pick up any life readings.

				HAN
			(over comlink)
		There isn't enough life on this 
		ice cube to fill a space cruiser.  
		The sensors are placed, I'm going 
		back.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Right.  I'll see you shortly.  
		There's a meteorite that hit the 
		ground near here.  I want to check 
		it out.  It won't take long.

Luke clicks off his transmitter and reins back on his nervous lizard.  
He pats the beast on the head to calm it.

				LUKE
		Hey, steady girl.  What's the 
		matter?  You smell something?

Luke takes a small device from his belt and starts to adjust it when 
suddenly a large shadow falls over him from behind.  He hears a 
monstrous howl and turns to see an eleven-foot-tall shape towering over 
him.  It is a Wampa Ice Creature, lunging at him ferociously.

				LUKE
		Aaargh!

Luke grabs for his pistol, but is hit flat in the face by a huge white 
claw.  He falls unconscious into the snow and in a moment the terrified 
screams of the Tauntaun are cut short by the horrible snap of a neck 
being broken.

The Wampa Ice Creature grabs Luke by one ankle and drags him away 
across the frozen plain.

EXT. HOTH - REBEL BASE ENTRANCE - DAY

A stalwart figure rides his Tauntaun up to the entrance of an enormous 
ice cave.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK

Rebel troopers rush about unloading supplies and otherwise securing 
their new base.  The rider, Han Solo, swings off his lizard and pulls 
off his goggles.

He walks into the main hangar deck toward the Millennium Falcon, which 
is parked among several fighters.  Mechanics, R2 units, and various 
other droids hurry about.  Han stops at the Millennium Falcon where his 
Wookiee copilot, Chewbacca, is welding on a central lifter.  Chewie 
stops his work and lifts his face shield, growling an irritated 
greeting to his boss.

				HAN
		Chewie!

The Wookiee grumbles a reply.

				HAN
		All right, don't lose your temper.
		I'll come right back and give you 
		a hand.

Chewbacca puts his mask back on and returns to his welding as Han 
leaves.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

A makeshift command center has been set up in a blasted area of thick 
ice.  The low-ceilinged room is a beehive of activity. Controllers, 
troops, and droids move about setting up electronic equipment and 
monitoring radar signals.

General Rieekan straightens up from a console at Han's approach.

				RIEEKAN
		Solo?

				HAN
No sign of life out there, General.
The sensors are in place.  You'll 
know if anything comes around.

				RIEEKAN
		Commander Skywalker reported in yet?

				HAN
		No.  He's checking out a meteorite 
		that hit near him.

				RIEEKAN
			(indicates radar 
			 screen)
		With all the meteor activity in this
		system, it's going to be difficult 
		to spot approaching ships.

Taking a deep breath, Han blurts out what is on his mind.

				HAN
		General, I've got to leave.  I 
		can't stay anymore.

Princess Leia, standing at a console nearby, is dressed in a short 
white combat jacket and pants.  Her hair is braided across her head in 
a Nordic fashion.  She overhears their  conversation and seems somewhat 
distressed.

				RIEEKAN
		I'm sorry to hear that.

				HAN
		Well, there's a price on my head.
		If I don't pay off Jabba the Hut, 
		I'm a dead man.

				RIEEKAN
		A death mark's not an easy thing 
		to live with.  You're a good
		fighter, Solo.  I hate to lose you.

				HAN
		Thank you, General.

He turns to Leia as Rieekan moves away.

				HAN
			(with feeling)
		Well, Your Highness, I guess this 
		is it.

				LEIA
		That's right.

Leia is angry.  Han sees she has no warmth to offer him.  He shakes his 
head and adopts a sarcastic tone.

				HAN
			(cooly)
		Well, don't get all mushy on me.
		So long, Princess.

Han walks away into the quiet corridor adjoining the command center.  
Leia stews a moment, then hurries after him.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ICE CORRIDOR

				LEIA
		Han!

Han stops in the corridor and turns to face Leia.

				HAN
		Yes, Your Highnessness?

				LEIA
		I thought you decided to stay.

				HAN
		Well, the bounty hunter we ran 
		into on Ord Mantell changed my
		mind.  

				LEIA
		Han, we need you!

				HAN
		We?

				LEIA
		Yes.

				HAN
		Oh, what about you need?

				LEIA
			(mystified)
		I need?  I don't know what you're 
		talking about.

				HAN
			(shakes his head, 
			 fed up) 
		You probably don't.

				LEIA
		And what precisely am I supposed 
		to know?

				HAN
		Come on!  You want me to stay 
		because of the way you feel about
		me.

				LEIA
		Yes.  You're a great help to us.
		You're a natural leader...

				HAN
		No!  That's not it.  Come on.  
		Aahhh - uh huh!  Come on.

Leia stares at him, understanding, then laughs.

				LEIA
You're imagining things.

				HAN
		Am I?  Then why are you following 
		me?  Afraid I was going to leave
		without giving you a goodbye kiss?

				LEIA
		I'd just as soon kiss a Wookiee.

				HAN
		I can arrange that.  You could use 
		a good kiss!

Angrily, Han strides down the corridor as Leia stares after him.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ANOTHER ICE CORRIDOR

A familiar stream of beeps and whistles herald the approach of Artoo-
Detoo and See-Threepio, who appear around a corner and move along an 
ice wall toward the main hangar.

				THREEPIO
		Don't try to blame me.  I didn't 
		ask you to turn on the thermal 
		heater.  I merely commented that it 
		was freezing in the princess' 
		chamber.  But it's supposed to be 
		freezing.  How are we going to dry 
		out all her clothes?  I really don't 
		know.

Artoo beeps a stream of protesting whistles.

				THREEPIO
		Oh, switch off.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK

The two robots stop at Han Solo's space freighter.  Han and Chewie are 
struggling with their central lifters.

				HAN
			(to Chewie)
		Why do you take this apart now? 
		I'm trying to get us out of here 
		and you pull both of these.

Chewie grumbles in irritation.

				THREEPIO
		Excuse me, sir.

				HAN
			(to Chewie)
		Put them back together right now.

				THREEPIO
		Might I have a word with you, 
		please?

				HAN
		What do you want?

				THREEPIO
		Well, it's Princess Leia, sir.
		She's been trying to get you on 
		the communicator.

				HAN
		I turned it off.  I don't want to 
		talk to her.

				THREEPIO
		Oh.  Well, Princess Leia is wondering 
		about Master Luke.  He hasn't come 
		back yet.  She doesn't know where he 
		is.

				HAN
		I don't know where he is.

				THREEPIO
		Nobody knows where he is.

				HAN
		What do you mean, "nobody knows"?

Han glances at the fading light at the entrance of the ice cave as 
night slowly begins to fall on the planet.

				THREEPIO
		Well, uh, you see...

Han jumps down off the lift, as Threepio follows him.

				HAN
		Deck Officer.  Deck Officer!

				THREEPIO
		Excuse me, sir.  Might I inqu...

Han abruptly puts his hand over Threepio's mouth as the deck officer 
approaches.

				DECK OFFICER
		Yes, sir?

				HAN
		Do you know where Commander 
		Skywalker is?

				DECK OFFICER
		I haven't seen him.  It's possible 
		he came in through the south entrance.

				HAN
		It's possible?  Why don't you go 
		find out?  It's getting dark out there.

				DECK OFFICER
		Yes, sir.

The deck officer leaves hurriedly, as Han takes his hand off Threepio's 
mouth.

				THREEPIO
		Excuse me, sir.  Might I inquire 
		what's going on?

				HAN
		Why not?

				THREEPIO
		Impossible man.  Come along, Artoo, 
		let's find Princess Leia.  Between 
		ourselves, I think Master Luke is 
		in considerable danger.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN ICE TUNNEL

The deck officer and his assistant hurry toward Han as he enters the 
tunnel.

				DECK OFFICER
		Sir, Commander Skywalker hasn't 
		come in through the south entrance.
		He might have forgotten to check in.

				HAN
		Not likely.  Are the speeders ready?

				DECK OFFICER
		Not yet.  We're having some trouble 
		adapting them to the cold.

				HAN
		Then we'll have to go out on 
		Tauntauns.

				DECK OFFICER
		Sir, the temperature's dropping too 
		rapidly.

				HAN
		That's right.  And my friends out 
		in it.

				ASSISTANT OFFICER
		I'll cover sector twelve.  Have 
		com-control set screen alpha.

Han pushes through the troops and mounts a Tauntaun.

				DECK OFFICER
		Your Tauntaun'll freeze before you 
		reach the first marker.

				HAN
		Then I'll see you in hell!

Han maneuvers his mount out of the cave and races into the dark bitter 
night.

EXT. HOTH - ICE GORGE - DUSK

The jagged face of a huge ice wall sits gloomily in the dim twilight of 
a Hoth day.  Luke hangs upside down, ankles frozen into icy 
stalactites, his extended arms within a foot of the snow floor.  One 
side of his face is covered in a dried mask of frozen blood.  He opens 
his eyes as a chilling moan of the hideous ice creature echoes off the 
gorge walls.  Luke pulls himself up, grabs hold of his ankles, and 
futilely tries to unfasten the throngs.

Exhausted, he drops back into his hanging position.  As he hangs there, 
he spies his lightsaber lying near a pile of his discarded gear, about 
three feet out of reach.

He focuses on the saber and, as his hand strains toward the weapon, he 
squeezes his eyes tight in concentration.

Just as the ice creature looms over Luke, the lightsaber jumps into 
Luke's hand.

The young warrior instantly ignites his sword, swinging up, and cuts 
himself loose from the ice.  He flops to the snow in a heap.  The 
startled creature moves back, his giant yellow eyes blinking.  Luke 
scrambles to his feet.  He swings his lightsaber and the beast screams 
in pain.

EXT. HOTH - ENTRANCE TO ICE GORGE - DUSK

Luke staggers out of the gorge into the dark and snowy twilight.  Weak 
and exhausted, he stumbles down a snow bank.

EXT. HOTH - SNOW PLAIN - DUSK

A small, lone figure riding a Tauntaun races through the hostile 
vastness of snow and cold.  As it runs, the Tauntaun's legs kick up 
large clouds of snow and ice into the snowy air.

EXT. HOTH - OUTSIDE ICE				 HANGAR - DUSK

Artoo stands in the falling snow, beeping worriedly.  Threepio moves 
stiffly over to him.

				THREEPIO
		You must come along now, Artoo.  
		There's really nothing more we can 
		do.  And my joints are freezing up.

Artoo beeps, long and low.

				THREEPIO
		Don't say thing like that!  Of 
		course we'll see Master Luke again.
		He'll be quite all right, you'll see.
			(to himself)
		Stupid little short-circuit.  He'll 
		be quite all right.

Threepio turns to go back inside the main hangar as Artoo mournfully 
keeps his vigil.

EXT. HOTH - SNOW DRIFT - DUSK

The wind is blowing quite strong now.  Luke struggles to stay upright, 
but a blast of freezing snow knocks him over.  He struggles to get up, 
but he can't.  The young warrior from Tatooine drags himself a couple 
of feet and then collapses.

INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK - ENTRANCE - NIGHT

Princess Leia stands inside the dark entrance to the Rebel base, 
waiting for a sign of the two Rebel heroes.  She shivers in the cold 
wind as, nearby, Chewie sits with his head in his hands.  In the 
background, Artoo and Threepio move through the doors.  

A Rebel lieutenant moves to Major Derlin, an officer keeping watch with 
the princess.

				LIEUTENANT
		Sir, all the patrols are in.
		There's still no contact from 
		Skywalker or Solo.

				THREEPIO
		Mistress Leia, Artoo says he's been 
		quite unable to pick up any signals, 
		although he does admit that his own 
		range is far too weak to abandon 
		all hope.

Leia nods an acknowledgment, but she is lost in thought.

				DERLIN
		Your Highness, there's nothing 
		more we can do tonight.  The shield 
		doors must be closed.

He turns to the lieutenant.

				DERLIN
		Close the doors.

				LIEUTENANT
		Yes, sir.

The lieutenant walks away.  Chewie lets out a long, mournful howl, 
somewhat like a coyote.  At the same moment, Artoo begins a complex 
series of efficient beeps.

				THREEPIO
		Artoo says the chances of survival 
		are seven hundred seventy-five...
		to one.

Leia stands praying to herself as the huge metal doors slam across the 
entrance of the ice cave.  The loud booms echo throughout the huge 
cavern.  Chewie lets out another suffering howl.

				THREEPIO
		Actually, Artoo has been known to 
		make mistakes... from time to time.
		Oh, dear, oh, dear.  Don't worry 
		about Master Luke.  I'm sure he'll 
		be all right.  He's quite clever, 
		you know... for a human being.

EXT. HOTH - SNOW DRIFT - DUSK

Luke lies face down in the snow, nearly unconscious.  Slowly he looks 
up and sees Ben Kenobi, barely visible through the blowing snow.  It is 
hard to tell if Kenobi is real or a hallucination.

				BEN
		Luke... Luke.

				LUKE
			(weakly)
		Ben?

				BEN
		You will go to the Dagobah system.

				LUKE
		Dagobah system?

				BEN
		There you will learn from Yoda, 
		the Jedi Master who instructed me.

The image of Ben fades, revealing a lone Tauntaun rider approaching 
from the windswept horizon.

				LUKE
			(groaning faintly)
		Ben... Ben.

Luke drops into unconsciousness.

Han pulls up and leaps off his mount.  He hurries to his snow-covered 
friend, cradling him in his arms.  Han's Tauntaun lets out a low, 
pitiful bellow.  But Han's concern is with Luke, and he shakes him 
urgently.

				HAN
		Luke!  Luke!  Don't do this, Luke.  
		Come on, give me a sign here.

Luke doesn't respond.  Han begins frantically rubbing and slapping 
Luke's unconscious face.  As he starts to lift the youth, Han hears a 
rasping sound behind him.  He turns, just in time to see his Tauntaun 
stagger and then fall over into the snow.

Han carries Luke to the moaning beast.  Then, with a final groan, the 
Tauntaun expires.

				HAN 
		Not much time.

He pushes Luke's inert form against the belly of the dead beast.

				LUKE
			(moaning)
		Ben... Ben...

				HAN
		Hang on, kid.

				LUKE
		Dagobah system...

Han ignites Luke's saber and cuts the beast from head to toe.  He 
quickly tosses it's steaming innards into the snow, then lifts Luke's 
inert form and stuffs him inside the carcass.

				HAN
			(reeling from the 
			 odor) 
		Whew...

				LUKE
		Dagobah...

				HAN
		This may smell bad, kid...

				LUKE
			(moaning)
		Yoda...

				HAN
		...but it will keep you warm... 
		til I get the shelter built.
			(struggling to get 
			 Luke inside the 
			 carcass) 
		Ooh... I thought they smelled bad 
		on the outside!

The wind has picked up considerably, making it difficult to move.  Han 
removes a pack from the dead creature's back, taking out a shelter 
container.  He begins to set up what can only be a pitiful protection 
against a bitter Hoth night.

EXT. HOTH - SNOWDRIFT - DAWN

Four snub-nosed armored snowspeeders race across the white landscape.

INT. SNOWSPEEDER COCKPIT

There is only one pilot, Zev, in the enclosed two-man craft.  He 
concentrates on the scopes which ring his cockpit.  He hears a low beep 
from one of his monitors.

				ZEV
			(into transmitter) 
		Echo Base... I've got something!  Not 
		much, but it could be a life form.

EXT. HOTH - SNOWDRIFT

The small craft banks and makes a slow arc, then races off in a new 
direction.

INT. SNOWSPEEDER - COCKPIT

The pilot switches over to a new transmitter.

				ZEV
			(into transmitter)
		This is Rogue Two.  this is Rogue 
		Two.  Captain Solo, so you copy?  
		Commander Skywalker, do you copy? 
		This is Rogue Two.

There is a sharp crackle of static, then a faint voice.

				HAN
			(filtered over 
			 Zev's receiver)
		Good morning.  Nice of you guys 
		to drop by.

				ZEV
			(switching transmitters) 
		Echo Base... this is Rogue Two.  I 
		found them.  Repeat, I found them.

EXT. HOTH - SNOWDRIFT - DAY

The small shelter Han set up is covered with snow on the windward side.  
A makeshift antenna rests gingerly on top the snowdrift.  Han spots 
Zev's snowspeeder approaching in the distance, and begins waving his 
arms frantically at the tiny craft.

INT. REBEL BASE - MEDICAL CENTER

Strange robot surgeons adjust a mass of electronic equipment.  A switch 
is thrown and a sudden blinding flash obscures Luke in a bacta tank 
filled with a thick, gelatinous slime.  He begins to thrash about, 
raving in delirium.

INT. REBEL BASE - MEDICAL CENTER - RECOVERY ROOM

Luke sits up in a recovery-room bed, weak but smiling.  His face shows 
terrible wounds from the Wampa's attack.  Threepio and Artoo enter the 
room.

				THREEPIO
		Master Luke, sir, it's so good 
		to see you fully functional again.

Artoo beeps his good wishes.

				THREEPIO
		Artoo expresses his relief, also.

Han and Chewie make their entrance.  The Wookiee growls a greeting.

				HAN
		How are you feeling, kid?  You 
		don't look so bad to me.  In 
		fact, you look strong enough to 
		pull the ears off a Gundark.

				LUKE
		Thanks to you.

				HAN
		That's two you owe me, junior.

Han turns as Leia enters the room.  He looks at her with a big, 
devilish grin.

				HAN
		Well your Worship, looks like 
		you managed to keep me around for
		a little while longer.

				LEIA
			(haughtily)
		I had nothing to do with it.  General 
		Rieekan thinks it's dangerous for 
		any ships to leave the system until 
		we've activated the energy shield.

				HAN
		That's a good story.  I think you 
		just can't bear to let a gorgeous 
		guy like me out of your sight.

				LEIA
		I don't know where you get your 
		delusions, laser brain.

Chewie is amused; he laughs in his manner.  Han, enjoying himself, 
regards Chewie good-humoredly.

				HAN
		Laugh it up, fuzzball.  But you 
		didn't see us alone in the south 
		passage.

Luke sparks to this; he looks at Leia.

				HAN
		She expressed her true feelings 
		for me.

Leia is flushed, eyes darting between Luke and Han.

				LEIA
		My...!  Why, you stuck up,... half-
		witted... scruffy-looking ...nerf-
		herder!

				HAN
		Who's scruffy-looking? 
			(to Luke) 
		I must have hit pretty close to 
		the mark to get her all riled up 
		like that, huh, kid?

Leia looks vulnerable for a moment, then the mask falls again, and she 
focuses on Luke.

				LEIA
		Why, I guess you don't know 
		everything about women yet?

With that she leans over and kisses Luke on the lips.  Then she turns 
on her heel and walks out, leaving everyone in the room slightly 
dumbstruck.  With some smugness, Luke puts his hands behind his head 
and grins.

Suddenly, in the distance, the muffled sound of an alarm is heard.

				ANNOUNCER
			(over loudspeaker)
		Headquarters personnel, report to 
		command center.

The voice repeats the order and Han, Chewie, Artoo, and Threepio hurry 
out of the room, bidding farewell to Luke.

				HAN
		Take it easy.

				THREEPIO
		Excuse us, please.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

Rieekan looks up grimly from a console screen.  He calls over to Leia 
and Han.

				RIEEKAN
		Princess... we have a visitor.

The group hurries over to Rieekan.

				RIEEKAN
		We've picked up something outside 
		the base in zone twelve, moving 
		east.

				SENIOR CONTROLLER
		It's metal.

				LEIA
		Then it couldn't be one of those 
		creatures that attacked Luke.

				HAN
		It could be a speeder, one of ours.

				SENIOR CONTROLLER
		No.  Wait - there's something very 
		weak coming through.

Threepio steps up to the control panel and listens intently to the 
strange signal.

				THREEPIO
		Sir, I am fluent in six million 
		forms of communication.  This signal 
		is not used by the Alliance.  It 
		could be an Imperial code.

The transmission ends in static.

				HAN
		It isn't friendly, whatever it is.  
		Come on, Chewie, let's check it out.

				RIEEKAN
		Send Rogues Ten and Eleven to 
		station three-eight.

EXT. HOTH - SNOW PLAIN - DAY

The dark probe robot moves past the smoldering ruins of station three-
eight and down a ridge toward the Rebel base.  It raises a large 
antenna from the top of its head and begins to send out a piercing 
signal.

The probe droid has spotted Chewbacca who, not thirty feet away, has 
popped his head over a snow bank.  Instantly, the probe robot swings 
around, its deadly ray ready to fire.  But before it can get a shot 
off, it is hit from behind by a laser bolt, and explodes in a million 
pieces.

Han Solo replaces his blaster in its holster and peers intently at the 
smoldering remains of the Imperial probe.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

Leia and Rieekan listen to Han on the comlink.

				HAN
			(over comlink)
		Afraid there's not much left.

				LEIA
			(into comlink)
		What was it?

				HAN
			(over comlink)
		Droid of some kind.  I didn't hit 
		it that hard.  It must have had a 
		self-destruct.

				LEIA
			(into comlink)
		An Imperial probe droid.

				HAN
			(over comlink)
		It's a good bet the Empire knows 
		we're here.

				RIEEKAN
		We'd better start the evacuation.

EXT. SPACE - IMPERIAL FLEET

Darth Vader's Star Destroyer, larger and more awesome than the five 
Imperial Star Destroyers that surround it, sits in the vastness of 
space.  The six huge ships are surrounded by a convoy of smaller 
spacecraft.  TIE fighters dart to and fro.

INT. DARTH VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE - MAIN CONTROL DECK

Controllers working the vast complex of electronic controls hear 
ominous approaching footsteps and look up from their controls.  The 
squat, evil-looking Admiral Ozzel and the young, powerfully built 
General Veers, who have been conferring near the front, also feel the 
approaching presence and turn toward it.  Darth Vader, Lord of the 
Sith, enters like a chill wind.  As Vader moves across the wide bridge, 
Captain Piett hurries up to Ozzel.

				PIETT
		Admiral.

				OZZEL
		Yes, Captain

				PIETT
		I think we've got something, sir.  
		The report is only a fragment from 
		a probe droid in the Hoth system, 
		but it's the best lead we've had.

				OZZEL
			(irritated) 
		We have thousands of probe droids 
		searching the galaxy.  I want proof, 
		not leads!

				PIETT
		The visuals indicate life readings.

				OZZEL
		It could mean anything.  If we 
		followed every lead...

				PIETT
		But, sir, the Hoth system is supposed 
		to be devoid of human forms.

Vader moves to a large screen showing an image of the Rebel snow base.  
Rebel speeders can be seen approaching the base in the distance.

				VADER
		You found something?

				PIETT
		Yes, my lord.

				VADER
			(studying the image 
			 on the console screen) 
		That's it.  The Rebels are there.

				OZZEL
		My lord, there are so many uncharted 
		settlements.  It could be smugglers, 
		it could be...

				VADER
		That is the system.  And I'm sure 
		Skywalker is with them.  Set your 
		course for the Hoth system.  General 
		Veers, prepare you men.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - TRANSPORT BAY

A captain issues instructions to two of his men at the entrance to the 
main transport bay.  Several Rebel transports behind them are being 
loaded by men carrying heavy boxes and moving quickly, but not in 
panic.

				REBEL CAPTAIN
		Groups seven and ten will stay 
		behind to fly the speeders.  As 
		soon as each transport is loaded, 
		evacuation control will give 
		clearance for immediate launch.

				REBEL FIGHTER
		Right, sir.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK

Alarms sound.  Troops, ground crews, and droids rush to their alert 
stations.  Armored snowspeeders are lined up in attack formation near 
the main entrance.

In the midst of all this activity, Han does some frantic welding on the 
lifters of the Millennium Falcon.

Han finishes his work and hops down to the hangar floor.  He pulls out 
his comlink, all the while eyeing problematic lifters.

				HAN
			(into comlink, to 
			 Chewie)
		Okay, that's it.  Try it... Off! 
		Turn it off!  Turn it off!  Off!

Smoke rises from a minor explosion on the lifter.  Exasperated, Han 
surveys the new damage.

INT. REBEL BASE - MEDICAL CENTER

Luke dresses in readiness for the evacuation as his attending medical 
droid stands by.

				MEDICAL DROID
		Sir, it will take quite a while 
		to evacuate the T-forty- sevens.

				LUKE
		Well, forget the heavy equipment.
		There's plenty of time to get the 
		smaller modules on the transports.

				MEDICAL DROID
		Take care, sir.

				LUKE
		Thanks.

INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK

Pilots, gunners, and R2 units scurry about.  Luke, pulling on his 
heavy-weather jacket, is headed toward a row of armored speeders.  He 
stops at the rear of the Millennium Falcon, where Han and Chewie are 
trying to repair the right lifter with even more haste than before.

				LUKE
		Chewie, take care of yourself, 
		okay?

As Luke pats Chewie on the arm, Chewie puts his arms around Luke and 
gives him a tight hug.  Han is discussing the lifter with a repair 
droid when he sees Luke.

				HAN
		Hi, kid.
			(to droid)
		There's got to be a reason for 
		it.  Check it at the other end.
		Wait a second.
			(to Luke)
		You all right?

				LUKE
		Yeah.

				HAN
		Be careful.

				LUKE
		You, too.

Luke smiles, then waves at his friend and walks on.  After a few steps, 
he stops and looks back.  Han glances up and the two exchange a silent 
communication, each wishing the other safety, happiness - many things, 
all difficult to verbalize.

INT. REBEL BASE - CONTROL ROOM.

Alarms sound throughout the hidden Rebel base.  In the control room, a 
controller urgently gestures for General Rieekan to check a computer 
scan.

				CONTROLLER
		General, there's a fleet of Star 
		Destroyers coming out of hyperspace 
		in sector four.

				RIEEKAN
		Reroute all power to the energy 
		shield.  We've got to hold them till 
		all transports are away.  Prepare 
		for ground assault.

Rieekan exits hurriedly.

INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - VADER'S CHAMBER - MEDITATION CUBICLE

The dark cubicle is illuminated by a single shaft of light which falls 
on the brooding Dark Lord as he sits on a raised meditation cube.  
General Veers enters the room and approaches the silent, unmoving 
Vader.  Although seemingly very sure of himself, Veers is still not 
bold enough to interrupt the meditating lord.  The younger general 
stands quietly at attention until the evil presence speaks.

				VADER
		What is it, General?

				VEERS
		My lord, the fleet has moves out 
		of light-speed.  Com-Scan has 
		detected an energy field protecting 
		an area around the sixth planet of 
		the Hoth system.  The field is 
		strong enough to deflect any 
		bombardment.

				VADER
			(angrily)
		The Rebels are alerted to our 
		presence.  Admiral Ozzel came out 
		of light-speed too close to the 
		system.

				VEERS
		He felt surprise was wiser...

				VADER
		He is as clumsy as he is stupid.
		General, prepare your troops for a 
		surface attack.

				VEERS
		Yes, my lord.

Veers turns smartly and leaves as Vader activates a large viewscreen 
showing the bridge of his mighty ship.  Admiral Ozzel appears on the 
viewscreen, standing slightly in front of Captain Piett.

				OZZEL
		Lord Vader, the fleet has moved 
		out of light-speed, and we're 
		preparing to... Aaagh!

				VADER
		You have failed me for the last 
		time, Admiral.  Captain Piett.

Piett steps forward, as the admiral moves away, slightly confused, 
touching his throat as it begins to constrict painfully.

				PIETT
		Yes, my lord.

				VADER
Make ready to land out troops beyond 
the energy shield and deploy the 
fleet so that nothing gets off that 
system.  You are in command now, 
Admiral Piett.

				PIETT
		Thank you, Lord Vader.

Piett's pleasure about his unexpected promotion is not an unmixed 
emotion.  He glances warily at the struggling Admiral Ozzel who, with a 
final choke, stumbles and falls in a lifeless heap before him.

INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK

With a sense of urgency, Leia quickly briefs a group of pilots gathered 
in the center of the hangar.

				LEIA
		All troop carriers will assemble 
		at the north entrance.  The heavy 
		transport ships will leave as 
		soon as they're loaded.  Only two 
		fighter escorts per ship.  The 
		energy shield can only be opened 
		for a short time, so you'll have 
		to stay very close to your transports.

				HOBBIE
		Two fighters against a Star Destroyer?

				LEIA
		The ion cannon will fire several 
		shots to make sure that any enemy 
		ships will be out of your flight 
		path.  When you've gotten past the 
		energy shield, proceed directly to 
		the rendezvous point.  Understood?

				PILOTS
			(in unison)
		Right.  Okay.

				LEIA
		Good luck.

				DERLIN
		Okay.  Everyone to your stations.  
		Let's go!

The pilots hurry away.

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH - DAY

Rebel troops carry heavy bazooka-type weapons and position them along 
the snow trench.  Men hurriedly respond to their officers' yelled 
orders and brace themselves against the rhythmic gusts of bitter-cold 
wind.

Other troops load power packs into a gun turret and swing its guns into 
position.

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - POWER GENERATORS

Near the base power generators, troops rush to set up their heavy 
battle equipment.  Buzzing loudly, the generators send along, sparking 
fingers of energy into the bitter Hoth wind.

INT. REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

The long line of Rebel controllers is tense, as are Princess Leia and 
General Rieekan, who are trying very hard not to show any fear.

				RIEEKAN
		Their primary target will be the 
		power generators.  Prepare to 
		open the shield.

EXT. ICE PLAIN

The Rebel transport and two escort fighters begin their departure from 
the ice planet.

EXT. SPACE - IMPERIAL STAR DESTROYER

A huge Imperial Star Destroyer rest against a sea of stars, far above 
the white surface of the planet Hoth.

INT. IMPERIAL STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

An Imperial controller approaches his commander.

				CONTROLLER
		Sir, Rebel ships are coming into 
		our sector.

				CAPTAIN
		Good.  Our first catch of the day.

INT. REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

				WOMAN CONTROLLER
		Stand by, ion control... Fire!

EXT. REBEL BASE ICE CAVE - ION CANNON

The giant ball-shaped ion cannon rotates into position and blasts two 
red energy beams skyward.

EXT. SPACE - HOTH - REBEL TRANSPORT

The Rebel transport and its escort race away from the white planet, 
closely followed by the two red energy beams.

As the Rebel transport races toward the waiting Imperial Star 
Destroyer, it is overtaken by the two scarlet energy bolts.  The 
Imperial Star Destroyer is hit in the conning tower by the powerful 
bolts, which set up fiery explosions on its metal hull.

The big Star Destroyer veers, then spins wildly out of control.  As the 
Imperial ship careers into deep space, the Rebel transport races away 
to safety.

INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR DECK

Pilots, gunners, and troopers hurry to their stations and their 
vehicles.

				ANNOUNCER
			(over loudspeaker)
		The first transport is away.

Everyone cheers at the announcement, which echoes through the hangar.  
Luke turns and walks on, heading toward his snowspeeder.  His gunner, 
Dack, a fresh-faced, eager kid, is glad to see him.  They climb in.

				DACK
		Feeling all right, sir?

				LUKE
		Just like new, Dack.  How about 
		you?

				DACK
		Right now I feel like I could take 
		on the whole Empire myself.

				LUKE
			(quietly, strapping 
			 in)
		I know what you mean.

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN

A thin horizon line cuts across the bleak landscape.  Small dot-size 
objects begin to appear on the horizon, moving in the direction of the 
Rebel base.

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH

A Rebel officer lifts a pair of electrobinoculars to his eyes.  Through 
the lens he sees a very close view of a giant Imperial snow walker.  He 
adjusts the view which then zooms back to reveal three more of the 
ominous battle machines.  Small flashes of yellow fire billow from the 
guns of the lumbering snow walkers.

The officer lowers his binoculars as the regular rhythmic pounding 
begins to make the ground vibrate.  The pounding grows louder and is 
accompanied by a high-pitched, metallic rattling.  The officer speaks 
into his comlink.

				TRENCH OFFICER
		Echo Station Three-T-Eight.

INT. REBEL BASE - CORRIDOR

Pilots and gunners race to their waiting snowspeeders.  Ice and snow 
begin falling from the walls of the corridor, shaken by the pounding 
Imperial snow walker as they draw ever nearer.

				TRENCH OFFICER
			(over comlink) 
		We have spotted Imperial walkers!

				CONTROLLER
Imperial walkers on the north 
ridge.

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH

The Rebel troops aim their weapons at the horizon as explosions erupt 
all around them.  They are nervous and their grip on their weapons 
tightens from the cold and from fear.

Behind the troops a dozen snowspeeders race through the sky.

INT. LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

				LUKE
			(into comlink) 
		Echo station Five-Seven.  We're 
		on our way.

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - BATTLEFIELD

The fleet of snowspeeders races above the ice field at full throttle.  
They accelerate away from the base and head toward the distant walkers.

INT. LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

				LUKE
			(into comlink) 
		All right, boys, keep tight now.

				DACK
		Luke, I have no approach vector.  
		I'm not set.

				LUKE
		Steady, Dack.  Attack pattern 
		delta.  Go now!

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - BATTLEFIELD

The cannons mounted on the walker head fire at the speeders.  Other 
walkers loom in the background.  Two speeders race away past two of the 
enormous walkers and bank to the right.

INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

				LUKE
		All right, I'm coming in.

He turns his speeder and heads directly at one of the walkers, flying 
toward its towering legs.  The horizon twists as the speeder banks 
between the legs.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Hobbie, you still with me?

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - BATTLEFIELD

Two speeders race directly at the head of a walker, then split and fly 
past it.

Three other walkers march onward, firing all cannons.

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOWTRENCH

Rebel troops fire on the approaching walkers, as the snow and ice 
explode all around them.

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - BATTLEFIELD

A speeder banks through and away from the legs of a walker.  Two other 
speeders pass the first speeder from the opposite direction.  Other 
Rebel craft race just above the icy plain.

A giant walker head swivels and fires, striking a snowspeeder and 
sending it crashing in a ball of flames.

INT. IMPERIAL SNOW WALKER - COCKPIT

General Veers and two walker pilots keep a careful eye on the racing 
Rebel snowspeeders as they maneuver their lumbering war machine 
forward.

Luke's speeder banks in from the side of Veers's walker and heads 
straight for its viewport, blasting away.  An explosion hits the walker 
window, but dissipates, doing no harm.  The speeder roars up and over 
the impregnable war machine.

INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

Luke looks back at the walker as it grows smaller in the distance.

				LUKE
		That armor's too strong for 
		blasters.

On the horizon, another walker moves up past Luke's cockpit window, 
twisting out of sight as Luke banks and starts another run.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Rogue Group, use your harpoons 
		and tow cables.  Go for the legs.
		It might be our only chance of 
		stopping them.
			(to Dack)
		All right, stand by, Dack.

Dack is at the gunner's controls.

				DACK
		Luke, we've got a malfunction in 
		fire control.  I'll have to cut in 
		the auxiliary.

				LUKE
		Just hang on.  Hang on, Dack.  Get 
		ready to fire that tow cable.

Barely keeping his seat in the tumbling ship, Dack struggles to set up 
his harpoon gun.

Luke swings his speeder around and heads toward an oncoming walker.  
Laser bolts and flak fill the air, creating a deadly obstacle course 
for the tiny craft.

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - BATTLEFIELD

Rogue Leader and another snowspeeder fly in tight formation toward the 
walker as explosions burst all around them.

INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

After sustaining a heavy volley of fire, Luke turns around to see if 
Dack is all right.

				LUKE
		Dack?  Dack!

Dack is lost.  Blood streams down his forehead, which rests on his 
smoldering controls.  Out the back window, an Imperial walker recedes 
in the distance.

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH AREA

Rebel troops fire the dishlike ray gun while explosions erupt around 
them.

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - BATTLEFIELD

Two walkers lumber toward the Rebel base as a speeder between them 
explodes in a ball of flames.

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH

The dislike ray gun is hit by a laser bolt and instantly explodes.

INT. IMPERIAL SNOW WALKER - COCKPIT

Through the cockpit window, Veers and his pilot can see the Rebel power 
generators in the distance.

A hologram of Darth Vader appears on a control panel screen.

				VEERS
		Yes, Lord Vader.  I've reached the 
		main power generator.  The shield 
		will be down in moments.  You may 
		start your landing.

INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

				LUKE
			(into comlink) 
		Rogue Three.

INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

				WEDGE
			(into comlink) 
		Copy, Rogue Leader

				LUKE 
			(over comlink) 
		Wedge, I've lost my gunner.  You'll 
		have to make this shot.  I'll cover 
		for you.  Set your harpoon.  Follow 
		me on the next pass.

				WEDGE
			(into comlink) 
		Coming around, Rogue Leader.

INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

				LUKE
			(into comlink) 
		Steady, Rogue Two

EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD

Wedge's speeder races through the legs of one of the monstrous walkers.

INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

				WEDGE
			(to gunner) 
		Activate harpoon.

Wedge's gunner reaches for a firing switch to activate the harpoon.  
The harpoon flashes out, and speeds toward the receding legs of the 
walker.

EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD

The harpoon hurtles toward the walker, In an instant it is embedded in 
one of the walker's legs.

INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

				WEDGE 
			(to gunner) 
		Good shot, Janson.

EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD

The speeder Rogue Three races around one of the giant walker's feet, 
trailing the cable behind it.  Continuing around the back foot, Rogue 
Three then circles the walker around the tail end.

INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

Wedge checks his controls and banks around the front of the walker.

				WEDGE
		One more pass.

				JANSON 
		Coming around.  Once more.

EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD

The speeder sweeps left to right in front of the giant legs, towing the 
cable behind it.

INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

				JANSON
		Once more.

Wedge swings the speeder between the legs of the giant walker.

				JANSON
		Cable out!  Let her go!

				WEDGE
		Detach cable.

EXT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE

The cable release on the back of the speeder snaps loose and the cable 
drops away.

INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

				JANSON
		Cable detached.

EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD

The speeder zooms away into the distance.  The tangled legs of the 
enormous war machine attempt a step, but as they do the giant Imperial 
walker begins to topple.  It teeters for a moment, and then crashes 
onto the icy ground, sending snow and metal pieces flying.

EXT. HOTH - ICE PLAIN - SNOW TRENCH

The troops in the trenches cheer at the sight of the crashing walker.

An officer gives a signal to his men and Rebel troops charge the fallen 
war machine.

				TRENCH OFFICER
		Come on!

The troops run toward the downed walker, followed by two Rebel speeders 
flying overhead.  Just as they reach the walker, it explodes, the 
impact throwing some of the men onto the frozen ground.

INT. WEDGE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE THREE - COCKPIT

Wedge lets out a triumphant yell, banking his speeder away from the 
fallen walker.

				WEDGE
			(into comlink) 
		Whooha!  That got him!

INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

				LUKE
			(into comlink) 
		I see it, Wedge.  Good work.

INT. REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

Large chunks of ice tumble into the command center as Leia and General 
Rieekan monitor computer screens.

				RIEEKAN
		I don't think we can protect two 
		transports at a time.

				LEIA 
		It's risky, but we can't hold out 
		much longer.  We have no choice.

				RIEEKAN
			(into comlink) 
		Launch patrols.

				LEIA
			(to an aide) 
		Evacuate remaining ground staff.

INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR

Muffled distant explosions create widening cracks in the ice roof of 
the hangar.  Trying to ignore the noise and falling bits of snow, Han 
works on one of the Falcon's lifters while Chewie works on one of the 
wings.  Noticing Chewie attach a wrong part, Han grows impatient.

				HAN
		No, no!  No!  This one goes there, 
		that one goes there.  Right?

In another area of the hangar, Threepio watches as Artoo is raised up 
into Luke's X-wing fighter.

				THREEPIO
		Artoo, you take good care of 
		Master Luke now, understand?  And
		... do take good care of yourself.  
		Oh, dear, oh, dear.

EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD

The fierce battle on the vast snow plains of Hoth rages on.  The 
Imperial walkers continue their slow, steady assault on the Rebel base, 
firing lasers as they lumber ever onward.  In the snow trench, Rebel 
troops fire large bazookalike guns and dishlike ray guns as explosions 
erupt around them.  A gun tower is hit by a laser bolt and instantly 
explodes.  Another blast destroys a ray gun.

INT. IMPERIAL SNOW WALKER - COCKPIT

General Veers studies various readouts on his control panel.

				VEERS
		All troops will debark for ground 
		assault.  Prepare to target the 
		main generator.

EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD

Luke's speeder and Rogue Two fly in formation, banking from right to 
left and flying above the erupting battlefield.  Flak bursts all around 
them.

INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

Luke, glancing over, sees Rogue Two on his left.  His ship shudders as 
flak bursts nearby.

				LUKE
			(into comlink) 
		Rogue Two, are you all right?

INT. ZEV'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE TWO - COCKPIT

				ZEV
			(into comlink) 
		Yeah.  I'm with you, Rogue Leader.

INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

				LUKE
			(into comlink) 
		We'll set harpoon.  I'll cover for you.

EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD

The two speeders race across the horizon toward the giant walkers.

INT. ZEV'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE TWO - COCKPIT

				ZEV
			(into comlink) 
		Coming around.

INT.  LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

				LUKE
			(into comlink) 
		Watch that cross fire, boys.

INT. ZEV'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE TWO - COCKPIT

				ZEV
			(into comlink) 
		Set for position three.
			(to gunner) 
		Steady.

				LUKE
			(over comlink) 
		Stay tight and low.

EXT. ZEV'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE TWO

Luke's speeder moves in formation with Rogue Two, when suddenly Zev's 
speeder is hit by a laser bolt.  His ship bucks violently under the 
impact and the cockpit explodes in a ball of flame.

Spewing smoke, the speeder hurtles toward a looming walker.  Before 
they collide.  Rogue Two explodes in a million flaming pieces.

INT. LUKE'S SNOWSPEEDER, ROGUE LEADER - COCKPIT

Desperately, Luke works the controls of his flak-buffeted ship.  
Suddenly, the speeder is rocked by a huge explosion.  Luke struggles 
with the controls with a look of terror on his face.  The speeder fills 
with smoke, and electrical sparks jump about the cockpit.

				LUKE
			(into comlink) 
		Hobbie, I've been hit!

INT. REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

Apart from the distant thunder of laser blasts, the corridor is 
strangely quiet and empty.  Running footsteps echo through the freezing 
hallway, then Han appears.  Cracks have appeared in some of the walls 
and some pipes have broken, sending hot steam billowing into the 
underground hallways.  Han hurries into the command center.  It is a 
shambles, but some people are still at their posts.  As he enters, a 
gigantic cave-in almost obliterates the room.  He finds Leia and 
Threepio near one of the control boards.

				HAN
		You all right?

Leia nods.  She is surprised to see him.

				LEIA
		Why are you still here?

				HAN
		I heard the command center had 
		been hit.

				LEIA
		You got your clearance to leave.

				HAN
		Don't worry.  I'll leave.  First 
		I'm going to get you to your ship.

				THREEPIO
		Your Highness, we must take this 
		last transport.  It's our only hope.

				LEIA
			(to controller) 
		Send all troops in sector twelve 
		to the south slope to protect the 
		fighters.

A blast rocks the command center, throwing Threepio backward into Han's 
arms.

				ANNOUNCER
			(over loudspeaker) 
		Imperial troops have entered the 
		base.

				HAN
		Come on... that's it.

				LEIA
			(to head controller) 
		Give the evacuation code signal.  
		And get to your transports!

Leia looks exhausted.  Han grabs her and starts to lead her out.

As Han, Leia, and Threepio run out of the command center, the code 
signal can be heard echoing off the corridor walls.

				HEAD CONTROLLER
		K-one-zero... all troops disengage.

				THREEPIO
			(to Han and Leia) 
		Oh!  Wait for me!

EXT. BATTLEFIELD - SNOW TRENCH

Rebel troops retreat under the awesome Imperial onslaught.

				OFFICER
		Begin retreat!

				SECOND OFFICER
		Fall back!

Troops flee from the battle, the ground exploding around them.

EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD

Three of the giant walkers, firing lasers, advance toward the Rebel 
headquarters.

EXT. HOTH - SNOW TRENCH

Continuing their retreat, the Rebels see the walkers looming ever 
nearer.

EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD - ICE PLAIN

On the battlefield, Luke watches as a walker foot rises and moves over 
him.  He looks up at the underbelly of the huge walker, passing 
overhead.

Running beneath the monstrous machine, Luke fires his harpoon gun at 
the walker's underside.  A thin cable follows the projectile from the 
gun.  The magnetic head and cable attach firmly to the metal hull.

Still running under the walker, Luke attaches the cable drum to his 
belt buckle.  Soon he is pulled up the cable and hangs dangling 
underneath the walker.

The walker's giant feet continue to pound onward across the frozen 
snow.  Stray laser bolts whistle by Luke as he climbs up the cable to 
the walker's hull, reaching a small hatch.  Hanging precariously, Luke 
cuts the solid metal hatch with his laser sword.

He takes a landmine from around his neck and throws it inside the 
Imperial machine.  Quickly, Luke starts down the cable and crashes onto 
the icy ground far below.  He lies unconscious as a giant rear leg 
passes by - and just misses him.

The giant walker stops in mid-step.  A muffled explosion comes from 
within - and then the walker's mechanical insides  are spewed out every 
conceivable opening.  The machine sits dead in its tracks, smoking like 
a locomotive on stilts.

EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD

Veers's walker continues to advance toward the Rebel base.  The 
smoldering walker that Luke exploded stands smoking just to the right 
of Veers's path.

INT. IMPERIAL SNOW WALKER - COCKPIT

Inside his walker, General Veers prepares to fire on the Rebel power 
generators.

				VEERS
		Distance to power generators?

				PILOT
		One-seven, decimal two-eight.

Veers reaches for the electrorangefinder and lines up the main 
generator.

				VEERS
		Target.  Maximum fire power.

EXT. HOTH - BATTLEFIELD

The Rebel troops continue their desperate retreat, pushed back by the 
relentless Imperial assault.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ICE CORRIDORS

With Threepio lagging behind, Han and Leia race through the crumbling 
ice corridors.  Suddenly, there is an explosion.  Han turns, grabs the 
princess, and pulls her to the wall as a tremendous cave-in blacks 
their path.

He takes the comlink from his pocket.

				HAN 
			(into comlink) 
		Transport, this is Solo.  Better 
		take off - I can't get to you.  
		I'll get the princess out on the 
		Falcon.

Han and Leia turn and race down the corridor.

				THREEPIO
		But... but... but... where are 
		you going?  Uh... come back!!

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - COMMAND CENTER

Imperial troops have reached the base.  As they push through the 
blocked passageway, Darth Vader strides behind them.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ICE CORRIDOR

Han and Leia run toward the entrance of the main hangar where the 
Millennium Falcon is docked.  Threepio still lags behind.

				THREEPIO
		Wait!  Wait for me!  Wait!  Stop!

The door to the hangar closes in his face.

				THREEPIO
			(exasperated) 
		How typical.

Quickly, the door reopens as Han reaches out and pulls the golden droid 
through.

				HAN
		Come on.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR

Chewie paces under the shelter of the Millennium Falcon's landing gear.  
The giant Wookiee pats the underbelly of his beloved ship and barks a 
few reassuring words.  As he searches worriedly for his captain, 
something at last catches his eye.

Chewie lets out a relieved shriek at seeing Han and Leia running toward 
the ship.  The Wookiee runs out into the falling ice, lets out a howl, 
then runs up the ship's ramp.  Han and Leia run up the ramp after him, 
closely followed by Threepio.

				HAN
		Hurry up, goldenrod, or you're 
		going to be a permanent resident!

				THREEPIO
		Wait!  Wait!

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - ICE CORRIDOR

Imperial troops run through the base corridors.  Vader surveys the 
place.  A huge chunk falls, almost hitting him, but  he calmly, 
purposefully, continues around it.

INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGER - MILLENNIUM FALCON

A distant, huge, explosion rocks the hangar deck.  Ice cakes come 
crashing down on the Millennium Falcon.

INT. MAIN HANGAR - MILLENNIUM FALCON - MAIN HOLD

Han, standing before a control panel, is busy flipping switches as 
Chewie watches a troublesome gauge.  A worried Leia observes their 
efforts.

				HAN
			(to Chewie)
		How's this?

The Wookiee barks a negative reply.

				LEIA
		Would it helped if I got out and 
		pushed?

				HAN
		It might.

Threepio clanks into the hold.

				THREEPIO
		Captain Solo, Captain Solo... sir, 
		might I suggest that you...

Han gives the gold robot a devastating look.

				THREEPIO
		It can wait.

INT. MAIN HANGAR - MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

They move to the cockpit where Han flips some more switches.  Leia 
watches him, impatient, disbelieving.

				LEIA
		This bucket of bolts is never going 
		to get us past that blockade.

				HAN
		This baby's got a few surprises 
		left in her, sweetheart.

Han and Leia look out the cockpit window and see a squad of 
stormtroopers rushing into the far side of the hangar.

Quickly, Han straps himself into the pilot's seat and Leia into the 
navigator's chair.

INT. HOTH - REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR

Stormtroopers hurriedly set up a large bazookalike weapon.  Behind them 
the giant hangar doors open slowly.

EXT. MAIN HANGAR - MILLENNIUM FALCON

A laser gun appears on the Falcon and swings around to aim at the 
Imperial troops.

The stormtroopers, preparing to fire their bazooka cannon, are hit by 
the Falcon's fire and are thrown about in all directions.

INT. MAIN HANGAR - MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Chewie rushes into the cockpit.

				HAN
		Come on!  Come on!  Switch over.
		Let's hope we don't have a burnout.

A laser hits the window near Chewie as he is settling into his chair.  
Letting out a loud whelp, Chewie quickly pulls back on the controls and 
the first stage of engine fire can be heard.  Han flashes a big grin at 
Leia.

				HAN
		See?

				LEIA
		Someday you're going to be wrong, 
		and I hope I'm there to see it.

Han looks at Chewie.

				HAN
		Punch it!

The roar of the Falcon's main engines blasts out everything as the ice-
cave wall rushes by outside the cockpit window.

INT. REBEL BASE - MAIN HANGAR

More stormtroopers run into the hangar, closely followed by Vader.  
Hearing the loud roar of the Millennium Falcon's engines, Vader looks 
toward the main hangar doors just in time to see the Falcon lift up and 
disappear outside the cave.

EXT. HOTH - ICE SLOPE - DAY

Luke and two other pilots look up as the Millennium Falcon races above 
them, flying very close to the ground.

The three pilots turn then, and trudge onward toward their X-wing 
fighters, each going to his own ship.  Luke waves farewell, then heads 
toward his own fighter.  

Artoo, seated on his cubbyhole, chirps an excited greeting as Luke 
climbs aboard the spacecraft.

				LUKE
		Artoo!  Get her ready for takeoff.

From his ship, Luke sees Wedge in his own X-wing, preparing for 
takeoff.

				WEDGE
		Good luck, Luke.  See you at 
		the rendezvous.

Luke smiles and nods at Wedge, then lowers himself into the cockpit of 
his X-wing while Artoo waits in the cubbyhole, beeping impatiently.

				LUKE
		Don't worry, Artoo.  We're going, 
		we're going.

The canopy over the X-wing lowers and snaps shut.

EXT. SPACE -  LUKE'S X-WING

Luke's fighter, its wings closed, speeds away from the icy planet.  
Soon it disappears into the stars.

INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

Luke, looking thoughtful, suddenly makes a decision.  He flips several 
switches.  The stars shift as he takes his fighter into a steep turn.  
The X-wing banks sharply and flies away in a new direction.

The monitor screen on Luke's control panel prints out a question from 
the concerned Artoo.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		There's nothing wrong, Artoo.
		I'm just setting a new course.

Artoo beeps once again.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		We're not going to regroup with 
		the others.

Artoo begins a protest, whistling an unbelieving, "What?!"

Luke reads Artoo's exclamation on his control panel.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		We're going to the Dagobah system.

Luke checks his readouts and makes a few adjustments.  He rides along 
with only the soft hum of the instruments to break the silence.  
Finally, Artoo chirps up.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Yes, Artoo?

Artoo utters a soft, carefully phrased steam of whistles.

				LUKE
			(into comlink, chuckling)
		That's all right.  I'd like to 
		keep it on manual control for a 
		while.

The little droid lets out a defeated whimper.  Luke smiles, and 
continues on his course.

EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON

The Millennium Falcon speeds away from Hoth, closely followed by one 
huge Star Destroyer and four tiny TIE fighters.

As it is pursued, the Falcon races toward two very bright star-sized 
objects.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Inside the cockpit, Chewie lets out a loud howl.  Han checks as the 
ship is buffeted by exploding flak.  He appears to be doing six things 
at once.

				HAN
			(harried)
		I saw them!  I saw them!

				LEIA
		Saw what?

				HAN
		Star Destroyers, two of them, 
		coming right at us.

Threepio bumps and bangs his way into the cockpit.

				THREEPIO
		Sir, sir!  Might I suggest...

				HAN
			(to Leia)
		Shut him up or shut him down!
			(to Chewie)
		Check the deflector shield!

Chewie barks a reply as he readjusts an overhead switch.

				HAN
		Oh, great.  Well, we can still 
		outmaneuver them.

EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - STAR DESTROYERS

The Millennium Falcon races toward one of the huge oncoming Star 
Destroyers.  Suddenly, the Falcon starts into a deep dive straight 
down, closely followed by four TIE fighters.  The underside of the Star 
Destroyer continues on a collision course with two oncoming Star 
Destroyers.  Slowly, it starts to veer to the left.

INT. STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE
Out the front window, the two approaching Star Destroyers can be seen 
veering to the left.

				IMPERIAL OFFICER
		Take evasive action!

Alarms sound all over the huge ship.  The two other Star Destroyers get 
closer, one of them moving over the bridge so close that it makes 
brushing contact with it.

EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - TIE FIGHTERS

The Millennium Falcon races away from the colliding Star Destroyers, 
still followed by four TIE fighters.  Laser bolts spark the pitch-black 
skies.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Things have calmed down a bit, but the race isn't over yet.  Chewie 
barks at Han.  Leia is still trying to recover from the steep dive.  
The ship is buffeted by laser blasts.

				HAN
		Prepare to make the jump to light-
		speed.

				THREEPIO
		But, sir!

The buffeting of lasers becomes louder and stronger.

				LEIA
		They're getting closer!

				HAN
			(with a gleam in his 
			 eye)
		Oh yeah?  Watch this.

Expectantly, they look out the cockpit window as stars do not go into 
hyperspace, but just sit there.

Han and Chewie look at each other and are thrown into an acute state of 
concern.

				LEIA
		Watch what?

Han tries again.  Still nothing.

				HAN
		I think we're in trouble.

				THREEPIO
		If I may say so, sir, I noticed 
		earlier that the hyperdrive 
		motivator has been damaged.  It's 
		impossible to go to light-speed!

				HAN
		We're in trouble!

The explosions become heavier.

EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - TIE FIGHTERS - STAR DESTROYER

The Falcon races into the starry vastness, followed by the four 
Imperial TIE fighters and an Imperial Star Destroyer.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Stars race by as flak bursts outside the Falcon's window.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD

Han works furiously at some control panels while giving various orders 
to Chewie.

				HAN
		Horizontal boosters...!
			(Chewie barks)
		Alluvial dampers...!  Well that's 
		not it.
			(Chewie barks)
		Bring me the hydrospanners!

Chewie hurries over to the pit and places the tools on the edge.

				HAN
		I don't know how we're going to 
		get out of this one.

Suddenly, a loud thump hits the side of the Falcon, causing it to lurch 
radically.  Chewie barks.  The tools fall into the pit on top of Han.

				HAN
		Oww!  Chewie!

More turbulence rocks the ship.

				HAN
		That was no laser blast!  Something 
		hit us.

				LEIA
			(over comlink)
		Han, get up here!

				HAN
		Come on, Chewie!

Han climbs out of the hold like a shot.  Both he and Chewie run out of 
the hold and toward the cockpit.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Out the front cockpit window, they see hundreds of asteroids racing by.

				LEIA
		Asteroids!

Han changes places with Leia who has been at the controls, and Chewie 
gets into his chair.  Han works his controls as a chunk of rock crosses 
in front of the ship.

				HAN
		Oh, no!  Chewie, set two-seven-
		one.

				LEIA
		What are you doing?  You're not 
		actually going into an asteroid 
		field?

				HAN
		They'd be crazy to follow us, 
		wouldn't they?

Another asteroid thumps against the ship and Leia winces at the jolt.

				LEIA
		You don't have to do this to 
		impress me.

				THREEPIO
		Sir, the possibility of successfully 
		navigating an asteroid field is 
		approximately three thousand, seven 
		hundred and twenty to one.

				HAN
		Never tell me the odds!

EXT. ASTEROID BELT - MILLENNIUM FALCON

The Falcon turns into the asteroid storm and as the ship completes its 
turn, asteroids start coming straight at the cockpit windows.

A large asteroid tumbles away from the Falcon's path at top speed.  
Several smaller asteroids crash into the big one, creating small 
explosions on its surface.  Other asteroids of all sizes pass by in 
every direction, some colliding and exploding.  The tiny Millennium 
Falcon veers around the big asteroid and races past it through the rain 
of rocks, followed by four TIE fighters, which bob and weave around the 
asteroids.

One of the pursuing TIE fighters connects with an asteroid and 
explodes.  The other fighters are pelted with a steady stream of 
smaller explosions.

Two huge asteroids tumble toward the Millennium Falcon, which quickly 
banks around both of them.  The three TIE fighters follow in hot 
pursuit until one of the fighters scrapes an asteroid and tumbles out 
of control into deep space.

EXT. SPACE - STAR DESTROYER - ASTEROID BELT

The massive Star Destroyer blasts oncoming asteroids as it follows the 
Falcon.  Smaller asteroids explode across its vast surface.

EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - TIE FIGHTERS - ASTEROID BELT

The Falcon twists on its side as it races around an oncoming asteroid.  
Two TIE fighters follow in the distance, coming from either side.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Asteroids race by the cockpit window as Han pilots his trusty craft 
through the dangerous field.

Looking out the cockpit window, the Falcon crew sees a big asteroid 
drop past the window, narrowly missing their ship.

Chewie barks in terror as a slightly smaller asteroid comes especially 
close - to close - and bounces off the Falcon with a loud crunch.  
Threepio's hands cover his eyes.  He manages a short peek at the 
cockpit window.  Princess Leia sits stone-faced, staring at the action.  
Han gives her a quick look.

				HAN
		You said you wanted to be around 
		when I made a mistake; well, this 
		could be it, sweetheart.

				LEIA
		I take it back.  We're going to 
		get pulverized if we stay out here 
		much longer.

The group watches as more asteroids race by outside the window.

				HAN
		I'm not going to argue with that.

				THREEPIO
		Pulverized?

				HAN
		I'm going in closer to one of 
		those big ones.

				LEIA
		Closer?

				THREEPIO
		Closer?!

Chewbacca barks the same word, only louder.

EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - ASTEROID BELT

The Millennium Falcon dives toward the surface of one of the moon-sized 
asteroids.  There is a continued display of explosions against the 
starry void as smaller asteroids collide with larger chunks of rock.  
The two remaining TIE fighters follow the Falcon to the large asteroid.  
The Falcon skims the surface of the giant asteroid as, all the while, 
small asteroids explode on the surface of the ship.

The TIE fighters approach the Falcon, but a giant asteroid hurtles 
directly into their path.  As the asteroid continues on its way, it 
leaves remains of the two exploded TIE fighters to tumble into deep 
space.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Rattled by the violent rocking of the starship, Threepio is nearly in 
hysterics.

				THREEPIO
		Oh, this is suicide!

Han notices something on his main scope and nudges his faithful 
Wookiee, pointing.

				HAN
		There.  That looks pretty good.

				LEIA
		What looks pretty good?

				HAN
		Yeah.  That'll do nicely.

				THREEPIO
			(to Leia)
		Excuse me, ma'am, but where are 
		we going?

Out the cockpit window, they see that they are skimming the surface of 
the enormous asteroid and nearing a large crater.

EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GIANT ASTEROID CRATER

The Millennium Falcon dives into the huge crater and disappears.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

				LEIA
		I hope you know what you're doing.

				HAN
		Yeah, me too.

INT. GIANT ASTEROID CRATER

The Falcon races down into the crater.  The walls are barely visible as 
the ship speed through the tunnellike opening.  A small cave appears on 
one side of the crater, and the Falcon turns, slows, and scoots into 
it.

EXT. SPACE -  LUKE'S X-WING

The tiny X-wing speeds toward the cloud cover of Dagobah.  Artoo, 
riding on the back of the fighter, turns his head back and forth with 
some anxiety.

INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

Luke watches Artoo's words as they are translated and screened on the 
computer scope.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Yes, that's it.  Dagobah.

Artoo beeps a hopeful inquiry.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		No, I'm not going to change my 
		mind about this.
			(getting a little nervous)
		I'm not picking up any cities or
		technology.  Massive life-form 
		readings, though.  There's something
		alive down there...

Artoo beeps, this time a slightly worried question.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Yes, I'm sure it's perfectly safe 
		for droids.

EXT. SPACE - DAGOBAH -  LUKE'S X-WING

The X-wing continues its flight through the twilight above the cloud-
covered planet.

INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

Luke sees the cloud race by as he takes his craft closer to the planet.  
He must operate his controls carefully since the cloud cover has 
completely obscured his vision.  An alarm buzzes in the background, 
Artoo beeps and whistles frantically.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		I know, I know!  All the scopes are 
		dead.  I can't see a thing!  Just 
		hang on, I'm going to start the 
		landing cycle...

The blast of the retrorockets is deafening, drowning out Artoo's 
electronic squeals.  Suddenly, there is a cracking sound as if limbs 
were being broken off trees and then a tremendous jolt as the 
spacecraft stops.  Luke pulls a switch and his canopy pops open.

EXT. DAGOBAH - DUSK

The mist-shrouded X-wing fighter is almost invisible in the thick fog.  
Luke climbs out onto the long nose of the spacecraft as Artoo pops out 
of his cubbyhole on the back.  The young warrior surveys the fog, which 
is barely pierced by the ship's landing lights.  About all he can make 
out are some giant, twisted trees nearby.  Artoo whistles anxiously.

				LUKE
		No, Artoo, you stay put.  I'll 
		have a look around.

Artoo lets out a short beep.  As Luke moves along the nose, Artoo loses 
his balance and disappears with a splash into the boggy lake.

				LUKE
		Artoo?

Luke kneels and leans over the plane looking for Artoo, but the water 
is still and reveals no sign of the little droid.

				LUKE
		Artoo!  Where are you?

A small periscope breaks the surface of the water and a gurgly beep is 
heard.  The periscope starts to move to shore.  Relieved, Luke starts 
running along the nose of the fighter to its tip.

				LUKE
		Artoo!  You be more careful.

The outline of the shore is now more than ten feet away.

Luke jumps off the plane into the water, scrambles up to the shore, and 
turns to look for Artoo.  The periscope still steadily moves toward 
shore.

				LUKE
		Artoo - that way!

Suddenly, through the thick fog layer, a dark shape appears, moving 
toward the little droid.  The dark, sinuous bog beast dives beneath the 
swampy water, making a loud clunk against Artoo's metal hull.  The 
droid disappears from sight, uttering a pathetic electronic scream.

Holding his ignited lightsaber before him, Luke wades a few feet into 
the murky pool, looking for any sign of his little friend.

				LUKE
		Artoo!

The black surface is still as death itself... until a few bubbles begin 
to appear.  Then, phheewaat!! The runt-size robot is spit out of the 
water, makes a graceful arc, and comes crashing down into a patch of 
soft gray moss.

				LUKE
		Oh, no!  Are you all right?  Come 
		on.  You're lucky you don't taste 
		very good.  Anything broken?

Luke helps Artoo to his feet and begins wiping the mud and roots from 
his round metal body.  Artoo responds with feeble, soggy beeps.

				LUKE
		If you're saying coming here was 
		a bad idea, I'm beginning to agree 
		with you.  Oh, Artoo, what are we 
		doing here?  It's like... something 
		out of a dream, or, I don't know.  
		Maybe I'm just going crazy.

As Luke glances around at the spooky swamp jungle that surrounds him, 
Artoo ejects a stream of muddy water from one of his cranial ports.

EXT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - VADER'S CHAMBER

Admiral Piett hesitates in the entryway to Vader's private cubicle.

After a moment, he steps into the room and pauses at the surprising 
sight before him.

Darth Vader, his back turned, is silhouetted in the gloom on the far 
side of the chamber.  A black, insectlike droid attends him.  Among the 
various apparatuses surrounding them, a respirator tube now retracts 
from Vader's uncovered head.  The head is bald with a mass of ugly scar 
tissue covering it.  The black droid then lowers the mask and helmet 
onto Vader's head.  When it is in place, the Dark Lord turns to face 
Piett.

				VADER
		Yes, Admiral?

				PIETT
Our ships have sighted the 
Millennium Falcon, lord.  But... 
it has entered an asteroid field 
and we cannot risk...

				VADER
			(interrupting)
		Asteroids do not concern me, 
		Admiral.  I want that ship and 
		not excuses.

				PIETT
		Yes, lord.

EXT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON

The pirate starship rests in a dark, dripping asteroid cave.  It is so 
dark that the cave's exact dimensions are impossible to determine.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Han and Chewie busily shut down the engine and all electronic systems.  
Threepio and Leia watch worriedly.

				HAN
		I'm going to shut down everything 
		but the emergency power systems.  

				THREEPIO
		Sir, I'm almost afraid to ask, 
		but... does that include shutting 
		me down, too?

Chewie barks "yes".  But Han thinks otherwise.

				HAN
		No, I need you to talk to the 
		Falcon, find out what's wrong with 
		the hyperdrive.

Suddenly, the ship lurches, causing all the loose items in the cockpit 
to go flying.  Chewie howls.

				THREEPIO
		Sir, it's quite possible this 
		asteroid is not entirely stable.

				HAN
		Not entirely stable?  I'm glad you're 
		here to tell us these things.  Chewie, 
		take the professor in the back and 
		plug him into the hyperdrive.

				THREEPIO
		Oh!  Sometimes I just don't 
		understand human behavior.  After 
		all, I'm only trying to do my job 
		in the most...

The sliding door closes behind the indignant Threepio as Chewie and he 
move back to the hold.  Suddenly, the ship lurches again, throwing Leia 
across the cabin into Han's arms.  Then, abruptly, the motion stops as 
suddenly as it started.  With some surprise, Han and Leia realize they 
are in each other's arms.

				LEIA
		Let go.

				HAN
		Sshh!

				LEIA
		Let go, please.

Leia flushes, averting her eyes.  She's not exactly fighting to get 
free.  But, of course, Han blows it...

				HAN
		Don't get excited.

The anger rises in Leia.

				LEIA
		Captain, being held by you isn't 
		quite enough to get me excited.

				HAN
		Sorry, sweetheart.  We haven't 
		got time for anything else.

Han grins quickly wickedly at Leia as he turns and exits through the 
door.  Leia's confused emotions show clearly on her lovely face.

EXT. DAGOBAH - BOG CLEARING - DUSK

The mist has dispersed a bit, but it is still a very gloomy-looking 
swamp.

Luke pulls an equipment box from the shore to the clearing.  He ignites 
a little fusion furnace and warms his hands before it.  Taking a power 
cable, he plugs it into Artoo's noselike socket.

				LUKE
		Ready for some power?  Okay.  
		Let's see now.  Put that in 
		there.  There you go.

The droid whistles his appreciation.  Luke then opens a container of 
processed food and sits before the thermal heater.

				LUKE
			(sighs)
		Now all I have to do is find this 
		Yoda... if he even exists.

Nervously, he looks around at the foreboding jungle.

				LUKE
		Still... there's something familiar 
		about this place.  I feel like... 
		I don't know...

				STRANGE VOICE
		Feel like what?

Luke jumps out of his skin.  Artoo screeches in terror.  The young 
warrior grabs for his lightsaber as he spins around, looking for the 
speaker.  Mysteriously standing right in front of Luke is a strange, 
bluish creature, not more than two feet tall.  The wizened little thing 
is dressed in rags.  It motions toward Luke's sword.

				LUKE
			(looking at the 
			 creature)
		Like we're being watched!

				CREATURE
		Away with your weapon!  I mean 
		you no harm.

After some hesitation, Luke puts away his weapon, although he really 
doesn't understand why.  Artoo watches with interest.

				CREATURE
		I am wondering, why are you here?

				LUKE
		I'm looking for someone.

				CREATURE
		Looking?  Found someone, you have, 
		I would say, hmmm?

The little creature laughs.

				LUKE
			(Trying to keep from 
			 smiling)
		Right.

				CREATURE
		Help you I can.  Yes, mmmm.

				LUKE
		I don't think so.  I'm looking 
		for a great warrior.

				CREATURE
		Ahhh!  A great warrior.
			(laughs and shakes 
			 his head)
		Wars not make one great.

With the aid of a walking stick, the tiny stranger moves over to one of 
the cases of supplies.  He begins to rummage around.

Artoo moves to the edge of the case - standing almost eye level to the 
creature who is carelessly handling the supplies - and squeaks his 
disapproval.

Their tiny visitor pick up the container of food Luke was eating from 
and takes a bite.

				LUKE
		Put that down.  Hey!  That's my 
		dinner!

The creature spits out the bite he has taken.  He makes a face.

				CREATURE
		How you get so big, eating food 
		of this kind?

He flips the container in Luke's direction and reaches into one of 
Luke's supply cases.

				LUKE
		Listen, friend, we didn't mean to 
		land in that puddle, and if we 
		could get our ship out, we would, 
		but we can't, so why don't you just...

				CREATURE
			(teasing)
		Aww, cannot get your ship out?

The creature spots something of interest in Luke's case.  Luke loses 
patience and grabs the case away.  The creature retains his prize - a 
tiny power lamp - and examines it with delight.

				LUKE
		Hey, you could have broken this.
		Don't do that.  Ohhh... you're 
		making a mess.  Hey, give me that!

				CREATURE
			(retreating with 
			 the lamp)
		Mine!  Or I will help you not.

Clutching its treasure, the creature backs away from Luke, drawing 
closer to Artoo.  As Luke and the creature argue, one of Artoo's little 
arms slowly moves out toward the power lamp, completely unnoticed by 
the creature.

				LUKE
		I don't want your help.  I want 
		my lamp back.  I'll need it to 
		get out of this slimy mudhole.

				CREATURE
		Mudhole?  Slimy?  My home this is.

Artoo grabs hold of the lamp and the two little figures are immediately 
engaged in a tug-of-war over it.

Artoo beeps a few angry, "Give me thats."

				CREATURE
		Ah, ah, ah!

				LUKE
		Oh, Artoo, let him have it!

				CREATURE
		Mine!  Mine!

				LUKE
		Artoo!

				CREATURE
		Mine!

The creature lets go with one hand and pokes Artoo lightly with one 
finger.  Artoo reacts with a startled squeal, and lets go.

				CREATURE
		Mine!

				LUKE
			(fed up)
		Now will you move along, little 
		fella?  We're got a lot of work 
		to do.

				CREATURE
		No!  No, no!  Stay and help you, 
		I will.
			(laughs)
		Find your friend, hmm?

				LUKE
		I'm not looking for a friend. 
		I'm looking for a Jedi Master.

				CREATURE
		Oohhh.  Jedi Master.  Yoda.  You 
		seek Yoda.

				LUKE
		You know him?

				CREATURE
		Mmm.  Take you to him, I will.
			(laughs)
		Yes, yes.  But now, we must eat.
		Come.  Good food.  Come.

With that, the creature scurries out of the clearing, laughing merrily.  
Luke stares after him.  All he sees is the faint light from the small 
power lamp moving through the fog.  Luke makes his decision and starts 
after the creature.

				CREATURE
			(in the distance)
		Come, come.

Artoo, very upset, whistles a blue streak of protest.

				LUKE
		Stay here and watch after the 
		camp, Artoo.

Artoo beeps even more frantically.  But as Luke disappears from view, 
the worried little droid grows quieter, and utters a soft electronic 
sigh.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - MAIN HOLD AREA

Threepio whistles and beeps a strange dialect into the control panel in 
front of him.  The control panel whistles back a few mystifying beeps.

				THREEPIO
		Oh, where is Artoo when I need 
		him?

Han enters the hold area and kneels on the floor near the control box.

				THREEPIO
		Sir, I don't know where your ship 
		learned to communicate, but it 
		has the most peculiar dialect.  I 
		believe, sir, it says that the 
		power coupling on the negative 
		axis has been polarized.  I'm 
		afraid you'll have to replace it.

				HAN
		Well, of course I'll have to replace 
		it.

He hands a wire coil up to Chewie who is working near the ceiling.

				HAN
		Here!  And Chewie...

Chewie brings his head back through the trap door in the ceiling and 
whines.  Han glances back at Threepio, then speaks quietly to Chewie so 
only he can hear.

				HAN
			(continuing)
		... I think we'd better replace 
		the negative power coupling.

Leia finishes welding the valves she has been working on and attempts 
to reengage the system by pulling a lever attached to the valve.  It 
doesn't budge.  Han notices her struggle, and moves to help her.  She 
rebuffs him.

				HAN
		Hey, Your Worship, I'm only 
		trying to help.

				LEIA
			(still struggling)
		Would you please stop calling me 
		that?

Han hears a new tone in her voice.  He watches her pull on the lever.

				HAN
		Sure, Leia.

				LEIA
		Oh, you make it so difficult 
		sometimes.

				HAN
		I do, I really do.  You could be 
		a little nicer, though.
			(he watches her 
			 reaction)
		Come on, admit it.  Sometimes you 
		think I'm all right.

She lets go of the lever and rubs her sore hand.

				LEIA
		Occasionally...
			(a little smile, 
			 haltingly)
		... when you aren't acting like 
		a scoundrel.

				HAN
			(laughs)
		Scoundrel?  Scoundrel?  I like 
		the sound of that.

With that, Han takes her hand and starts to massage it.

				LEIA
		Stop that.

				HAN
		Stop what?

Leia is flushes, confused.

				LEIA
		Stop that!  My hands are dirty.

				HAN
		My hands are dirty, too.  What 
		are you afraid of?

				LEIA
			(looking right 
			 into his eyes)
		Afraid?

Han looks at her with a piercing look.  He's never looked more 
handsome, more dashing, more confident.  He reaches out slowly and 
takes Leia's hand again from where it is resting on a console.  He 
draws it toward him.

				HAN
		You're trembling.

				LEIA
		I'm not trembling.

Then with an irresistible combination of physical strength and 
emotional power, the space pirate begins to draw Leia toward him... 
very slowly.

				HAN
		You like me because I'm a scoundrel.
		There aren't enough scoundrels in 
		your life.

Leia is now very close to Han and as she speaks, her voice becomes an 
excited whisper, a tone completely in opposition to her words.

				LEIA
		I happen to like nice men.

				HAN
		I'm a nice man.

				LEIA
		No, you're not.  You're...

He kisses her now, with slow, hot lips.  He takes his time, as though 
he had forever, bending her body backward.  She has never been kissed 
like this before, and it almost makes her faint.  When he stops, she 
regains her breath and tries to work up some indignation, but finds it 
hard to talk.

Suddenly, Threepio appears in the doorway, speaking excitedly.

				THREEPIO
		Sir, sir!  I've isolated the 
		reverse power flux coupling.

Han turns slowly, icily, from their embrace.

				HAN
		Thank you.  Thank you very much.

				THREEPIO
		Oh, you're perfectly welcome, sir.

The moment spoiled, Han marches out after Threepio.

EXT. SPACE - ASTEROID FIELD

The Imperial fleet moves through the asteroid-filled void, intently 
seeking its prey.

INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

Asteroids collide, creating a fireworks display outside the bridge 
window.  Darth Vader stands, staring out the window above the control 
deck.  Then slowly turns toward the bridge.  Before him are the 
hologram images of twenty battleship commanders.  One of these images, 
the commander of a ship that has just exploded, is fading away quickly.  
Another image, in the center and a little apart from the others, is 
faded and continually disrupted by static.  It is the image of Captain 
Needa, commander of the Star Destroyer most hotly on the tail of the 
Millennium Falcon.  Admiral Piett and an aide stand behind the Dark 
Lord.

				NEEDA
			(in hologram)
		... and that, Lord Vader, was the 
		last time they appeared in any of 
		our scopes.  Considering the amount 
		of damage we've sustained, they 
		must have been destroyed.

				VADER
		No, Captain, they're alive.  I 
		want every ship available to 
		sweep the asteroid field until 
		they are found.

The Imperial star captains fade out one by one as Vader turns to 
Admiral Piett.

				PIETT
Lord Vader.

				VADER
		Yes, Admiral, what is it?

The admiral is scared, his face white as a sheet.

				PIETT
		The Emperor commands you make 
		contact with him.

				VADER
		Move the ship out of the asteroid 
		field so that we can send a clear 
		transmission.

				PIETT
		Yes, my lord.

EXT. ASTEROID FIELD - VADER'S STAR DESTROYER

Vader's Imperial Star Destroyer moves against the vast sea of stars 
away from the rest of the fleet.

INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - VADER'S CHAMBER

The Dark Lord, Darth Vader, is alone in his chamber.  A strange sound 
enters the room and a light begins to play across Vader's black figure.  
He looks up and bows quickly.

A twelve-foot hologram of the Galactic Emperor materializes before 
Vader.  The Emperor's dark robes and monk's hood are reminiscent of the 
cloak worn by Ben Kenobi.  His voice is even deeper and more 
frightening than Vader's.

				VADER
		What is thy bidding, my master?

				EMPEROR
		There is a great disturbance in 
		the Force.

				VADER
		I have felt it.

				EMPEROR
		We have a new enemy - Luke 
		Skywalker.

				VADER
		Yes, my master.

				EMPEROR
		He could destroy us.

				VADER
		He's just a boy.  Obi-Wan can no 
		longer help him.

				EMPEROR
		The Force is strong with him.  The 
		son of Skywalker must not become a 
		Jedi.

				VADER
		If he could be turned, he would 
		become a powerful ally.

				EMPEROR
		Yes.  Yes.  He would be a great 
		asset.  Can it be done?

				VADER
		He will join us or die, my 
		master.

Vader kneels.  The supreme Emperor passes a hand over the crouched Lord 
of the Sith and fades away.

EXT. DAGOBAH - CREATURE'S HOUSE - NIGHT

A heavy downpour of rain pounds through the gnarled trees.  A strange 
baroque mud house sits on a moss-covered knoll on the edge of a small 
lagoon.  The small, gnomish structure radiates a warm glow from its 
thick glass windows.  As rain tap-dances a merry tune on Artoo's head, 
the stubby little droid rises up on his tip-toes to peek into one of 
the glowing portals.

INT. CREATURE'S HOUSE

Artoo, peeking in the window, sees the inside of the house - a very 
plain, but cozy dwelling.  Everything is in the same small scale as the 
creature.  The only thing out of place in the miniature room is Luke, 
whose height makes the four-foot ceiling seem even lower.  He sits 
cross-legged on the floor of the living room.

The creature is in an adjoining area - his little kitchen - cooking up 
an incredible meal.  The stove is a steaming hodgepodge of pots and 
pans.  The wizened little host scurries about chopping this, shredding 
that, and showering everything with exotic herbs and spices.  He rushes 
back and forth putting platters on the table in front of Luke, who 
watches the creature impatiently.

				LUKE
		Look, I'm sure it's delicious.  
		I just don't understand why we 
		can't see Yoda now.

				CREATURE
		Patience!  For the Jedi it is 
		time to eat as well.  Eat, eat.  
		Hot.  Good food, hm? Good, hmm?

Moving with some difficulty in the cramped quarters, Luke sits down 
near the fire and serves himself from the pot.  Tasting the unfamiliar 
concoction, he is pleasantly surprised.

				LUKE
		How far away is Yoda?  Will it 
		take us long to get there?

				CREATURE
		Not far.  Yoda not far.  Patience.
		Soon you will be with him.
			(tasting food from 
			 the pot)
		Rootleaf, I cook.  Why wish you 
		become Jedi?  Hm?

				LUKE
		Mostly because of my father, I 
		guess.

				CREATURE
		Ah, your father.  Powerful Jedi 
		was he, powerful Jedi, mmm.

				LUKE
			(a little angry)
		Oh, come on.  How could you know 
		my father?  You don't even know 
		who I am.
			(fed up)
		Oh, I don't know what I'm doing 
		here.  We're wasting our time.

The creature turns away from Luke and speaks to a third party.

				CREATURE
			(irritated)
		I cannot teach him.  The boy has 
		no patience.

Luke's head spins in the direction the creature faces.  But there is no 
one there.  The boy is bewildered, but it gradually dawns on him that 
the little creature is Yoda, the Jedi Master, and that he is speaking 
with Ben.

				BEN'S VOICE
		He will learn patience.

				YODA
		Hmmm.  Much anger in him, like his father.

				BEN'S VOICE
		Was I any different when you 
		taught me?

				YODA
		Hah.  He is not ready.

				LUKE
		Yoda!  I am ready.  I... Ben!  I 
		can be a Jedi.  Ben, tell him I'm 
		ready.

Trying to see Ben, Luke starts to get up but hits his head on the low 
ceiling.

				YODA
		Ready, are you?  What know you 
		of ready?  For eight hundred years 
		have I trained Jedi.  My own counsel 
		will I keep on who is to be trained!
		A Jedi must have the deepest 
		commitment, the most serious mind.
			(to the invisible 
			 Ben, indicating Luke)
		This one a long time have I watched.
		All his life has he looked away...
		to the future, to the horizon.
		Never his mind on where he was.
		Hmm?  What he was doing.  Hmph.  
		Adventure.  Heh!  Excitement.  Heh!  
		A Jedi craves not these things.
			(turning to Luke)
		You are reckless!

Luke looks down.  He knows it is true.

				BEN'S VOICE
		So was I, if you'll remember.

				YODA
		He is too old.  Yes, too old to 
		begin the training.

Luke thinks he detects a subtle softening in Yoda's voice.

				LUKE
		But I've learned so much.

Yoda turns his piercing gaze on Luke, as though the Jedi Master's huge 
eyes could somehow determine how much the boy had learned.  After a 
long moment, the little Jedi turns toward where he alone sees Ben.

				YODA
			(sighs)
		Will he finished what he begins?

				LUKE
		I won't fail you - I'm not afraid.

				YODA
			(turns slowly toward 
			 him)
		Oh, you will be.  You will be.

EXT. SPACE - STAR DESTROYERS - ASTEROID FIELD

The Imperial fleet around Vader's ship is surrounded by the asteroid 
storm.  Asteroids big and small pelt the vast exteriors of the menacing 
ships.  One of the smaller Imperial vessels is hit by a huge asteroid 
and explodes in a brilliant flash of light.

INT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

The cockpit is quiet and lit only by the indicator lights on the 
control panel.  Princess Leia sits in the pilot's seat.

She runs her hand across the control panel as she thinks of Han and the 
confusion he has created within her.  Suddenly, something outside the 
cockpit window catches her eye.  The reflection of the panel lights 
obscures her vision until a soft suctionlike cup attaches itself to the 
windscreen.  Leia
moves closer to see what it might be.  Large, yellow eyes flash open 
and stare back at her.  Startled, she jumps back into her seat, her 
heart pounding.  There is a scurry of feet and a loud screech, and in 
an instant the eyes are gone.  The young princess catches her breath, 
jumps out of her chair, and races from the cockpit.

INT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD AREA

The lights go bright for a second then out again.  Threepio and 
Chewbacca watch as Han finishes with some wires.

				THREEPIO
		Sir, if I may venture an opinion...

				HAN
		I'm not really interested in your 
		opinion, Threepio.

Leia rushes into the cabin just as Han drops the final floor panel into 
place.

				LEIA
			(out of breath)
		There's something out there.

				HAN
		Where?

				LEIA
		Outside, in the cave.

As she speaks, there comes a sharp banging on the hull.  Chewie looks 
up and barks anxiously.

				THREEPIO
		There it is.  Listen!  Listen!

				HAN
		I'm going out there.

				LEIA
		Are you crazy?!

				HAN
		I just got this bucket back 
		together.  I'm not going to let 
		something tear it apart.

He and Chewie grab their breath masks off a rack and hurry out.  Leia 
follows.

				LEIA
		Then I'm going with you.

				THREEPIO
		I think it might be better if I 
		stay here and guard the ship.
			(hears another 
			 mysterious noise)
		Oh, no.

EXT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON

It is very dark inside the huge asteroid cave, too dark to see what is 
attacking the ship.

Leia stamps her foot on the floor of the cave.

				LEIA
		This ground sure feels strange.
		It doesn't feel like rock at all.

Han kneels and studies the ground, then attempts to study the outline 
of the cave.

				HAN
		There's an awful lot of moisture 
		in here.

				LEIA
		I don't know.  I have a bad feeling 
		about this.

				HAN
		Yeah.

Chewie barks through his face mask, and points toward the ship's 
cockpit.  A five-foot-long shape can be seen moving across the top of 
the Falcon.  The leathery creature lets out a screech as Han blasts it 
with a laser bolt.

				HAN
			(to Leia)
		Watch out!

The black shape tumbles off the spaceship and onto the ground in front 
of the princess.  Han bends down to investigate the dead creature.

				HAN
		Yeah, that's what I thought.
		Mynock.  Chewie, check the rest 
		of the ship, make sure there 
		aren't any more attached.  They're 
		chewing on the power cables.

				LEIA
		Mynocks?

				HAN
		Go on inside.  We'll clean them 
		off if there are any more.

Just then, a swarm of the ugly creatures swoops through the air.  Leia 
puts her arms over her head to protect herself as she runs toward the 
ship.  Chewie shoos another Mynock away with his blaster.  Several of 
the batlike creatures flap their wings loudly against the cockpit 
window of the Falcon.  Inside, Threepio shudders at their presence.

				THREEPIO
		Ohhh!  Go away!  Go away!  Beastly 
		little thing.  Shoo!  Shoo!

Han looks around the strange, dripping cave.

				HAN
		Wait a minute...

He unholsters his blaster and fires at the far side of the huge cave.  
The cavern begins to shake and the ground starts to buckle.

Chewie barks and moves for the ship, followed closely by Leia and Han.  
The large wings of the Mynocks flap past them as they protect their 
faces and run up the platform.

INT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - ENTRY AREA

As soon as Han and Leia are on board, Chewie closes the main hatch.  
The ship continues to shake and heave.

				HAN
		All right, Chewie, let's get 
		out of here!

The Wookiee heads for the cockpit as Han, followed by Threepio, rushes 
to the hold area and checks the scopes on the control panel.  Leia 
hurries after.

				LEIA
		The Empire is still out there.
		I don't think it's wise to...

Han rushes past her and heads for the cockpit.

				HAN
			(interrupting)
		No time to discuss this in
		committee.

And with that he is gone.  The main engines of the Falcon begin to 
whine.  Leia races after him, bouncing around in the shaking ship.

				LEIA
			(angry)
		I am not a committee!

INT. ASTEROID CAVE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Han is already in the pilot's seat pulling back on the throttle.  The 
cave-quake has greatly diminished.

				LEIA
		You can't make the jump to light-
		speed in this asteroid field...

				HAN
		Sit down, sweetheart.  We're 
		taking off!

As the ship begins to move forward, Chewie barks.  He notices something 
out the window ahead.  Threepio sees it too.

				THREEPIO
		Look!

				HAN
		I see it, I see it.

Suddenly, a row of jagged white stalagmites and stalactites can be seen 
surrounding the entrance.  And as the Falcon moves forward, the 
entrance to the cave grows ever smaller.  Han pulls hard on the 
throttle, sending his ship surging forward.

				THREEPIO
		We're doomed!

				LEIA
		The cave is collapsing.

				HAN
		This is no cave.

				LEIA
		What?

Leia's mouth drops open .  She sees that the rocks of the cave entrance 
are not rocks at all, but giant teeth, quickly closing around the tiny 
ship.  Chewie howls.

INT. SPACE SLUG MOUTH

The Millennium Falcon, zooming through the monster's mouth, rolls on 
its side and barely makes it between two of the gigantic white teeth 
before the huge jaws slams closed.

EXT. CAVE ENTRANCE - GIANT ASTEROID

The enormous space slug moves its head out of the cave as the Falcon 
flies out of its mouth.  The monster tilts its head, watching the 
starship fly away.

EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GIANT ASTEROID

The Falcon races out of the asteroid crater and into the deadly rain of 
the asteroid storm.

EXT. DAGOBAH - DAY

With Yoda strapped to his back, Luke climbs up one of the many thick 
vines that grow in the swamp.  Panting heavily, he continues his course 
- climbing, flipping through the air, jumping over roots, and racing in 
and out of the heavy ground fog.

				YODA
		Run!  Yes.  A Jedi's strength 
		flows from the Force.  But beware 
		of the dark side.  Anger... fear... 
		aggression.  The dark side of 
		the Force are they.
		Easily they flow, quick to join 
		you in a fight.  If once you 
		start down the dark path, forever 
		will it dominate your destiny, 
		consume you it will, as it did 
		Obi-Wan's apprentice.

				LUKE
		Vader.  Is the dark side stronger?

				YODA
		No... no... no.  Quicker, easier, 
		more seductive.

				LUKE
		But how am I to know the good side 
		from the bad?

				YODA
		You will know.  When you are calm, 
		at peace.  Passive.  A Jedi uses 
		the Force for knowledge and 
		defense, never for attack.

				LUKE
		But tell me why I can't...

				YODA
			(interrupting)
		No, no, there is no why.  Nothing 
		more will I teach you today.
		Clear your mind of questions.  
		Mmm.  Mmmmmmmm.

Artoo beeps in the distance as Luke lets Yoda down to the ground.  
Breathing heavily, he takes his shirt from a nearby tree branch and 
pulls it on.

He turns to see a huge, dead, black tree, its base surrounded by a few 
feet of water.  Giant, twisted roots form a dark and sinister cave on 
one side.  Luke stares at the tree, trembling.

				LUKE
		There's something not right here.

Yoda sits on a large root, poking his Gimer Stick into the dirt.

				LUKE
		I feel cold, death.

				YODA
		That place... is strong with the 
		dark side of the Force.  A domain 
		of evil it is.  In you must go.

				LUKE
		What's in there?

				YODA
		Only what you take with you.

Luke looks warily between the tree and Yoda.  He starts to strap on his 
weapon belt.

				YODA
		Your weapons... you will not 
		need them.

Luke gives the tree a long look, than shakes his head "no."  Yoda 
shrugs.  Luke reaches up to brush aside some hanging vines and enters 
the tree.

INT. DAGOBAH - TREE CAVE

Luke moves into the almost total darkness of the wet and slimy cave.  
The youth can barely make out the edge of the passage.  Holding his lit 
saber before him, he sees a lizard crawling up the side of the cave and 
a snake wrapped around the branches of a tree.  Luke draws a deep 
breath, then pushes deeper into the cave.

The space widens around him, but he feels that rather than sees it.  
His sword casts the only light as he peers into the darkness.  It is 
very quiet here.

Then, a loud HISS! Darth Vader appears across the blackness, 
illuminated by his own just-ignited laser sword.  Immediately, he 
charges Luke, saber held high.  He is upon the youth in seconds, but 
Luke sidesteps perfectly and slashes at Vader with his sword.

Vader is decapitated.  His helmet-encased head flies from his shoulders 
as his body disappears into the darkness.  The metallic banging of the 
helmet fills the cave as Vader's head spins and bounces, smashes on the 
floor, and finally stops. For an instant it rests on the floor, then it 
cracks vertically.  The black helmet and breath mask fall away to 
reveal... Luke's head.

Across the space, the standing Luke gasps at the sight, wide-eyed in 
terror.

The decapitated head fades away, as in a vision.

EXT. DAGOBAH - CAVE - DUSK

Meanwhile, Yoda sits on the root, calmly leaning on his Gimer Stick.

EXT. SPACE - VADER'S STAR DESTROYER

Vader's Imperial Star Destroyer moves through space, guarded by its 
convoy of TIE fighters.

INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE - CONTROL DECK

Vader stands in the back control area of his ship's bridge with a 
motley group of men and creatures.  Admiral Piett and two controllers 
stand at the front of the bridge and watch the group with scorn.

				PIETT
		Bounty hunters.  We don't need 
		that scum.

				FIRST CONTROLLER
		Yes, sir.

				PIETT
		Those Rebels won't escape us.

A second controller interrupts.

				SECOND CONTROLLER
		Sir, we have a priority signal 
		from the Star Destroyer Avenger.

				PIETT
		Right.

The group standing before Vader is a bizarre array of galactic fortune 
hunters  There is Bossk, a slimy, tentacled monster with two huge, 
bloodshot eyes in a soft baggy face; Zuckuss and Dengar, two battle-
scarred, mangy human types; IG-88, a battered, tarnished chrome war 
droid; and Boba Fett, a man in a weapon-covered armored space suit.

				VADER
		... there will be a substantial 
		reward for the one who finds the 
		Millennium Falcon.  You are free 
		to use any methods necessary, but 
		I want them alive.  No disintegrations.

				BOBA FETT
		As you wish.

At that moment, Admiral Piett approaches Vader in a rush of excitement.

				PIETT
		Lord Vader!  My lord, we have 
		them.

EXT. IMPERIAL STAR DESTROYER, AVENGER - ASTEROID BELT

The Millennium Falcon speeds through deep space, closely followed by a 
firing Imperial Star Destroyer.  A large asteroid about the same size 
as the Falcon tumbles rapidly toward the starship.  The tiny Falcon 
banks to avoid the giant asteroid as smaller rocks pelt its surface.  
Then the small craft roars under the asteroid which explodes harmlessly 
on the hull of the vast Star Destroyer.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

The ship shudders as flak explodes near the cockpit window.  Threepio 
checks a tracking scope an the side control panel while Leia watches 
tensely out the window.

				THREEPIO
		Oh, thank goodness we're coming 
		out of the asteroid field.

Chewie barks excitedly as the rain of asteroids begins to subside.  A 
bolt from the Star Destroyer sets up a fiery explosion on the back side 
of the Falcon, causing it to lurch to one side.

EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - STAR DESTROYER, AVENGER - ASTEROID FIELD

The Falcon is hit hard by another bolt from the Star Destroyer which 
creates a huge explosion near the cockpit of the smaller ship.  The 
Falcon tilts steeply, then rights itself.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Han corrects the angle of his ship.

				HAN
		Let's get out of here.  Ready for 
		light-speed?  One... two... three!

Han pulls back on the hyperspace throttle and - nothing happens.  Flak 
bursts continue to rock the ship.

				HAN
			(frantic)
		It's not fair!

Chewie is very angry and starts to growl and bark at his friend and 
captain.  Again, Han desperately pulls back on the throttle.

				HAN
		The transfer circuits are working.
		It's not my fault!

Chewie puts his head in his hands, whining.

				LEIA
			(almost expecting 
			 it)
		No light-speed?

				HAN
		It's not my fault.

				THREEPIO
		Sir, we just lost the main rear 
		deflector shield.  One more direct 
		hit on the back quarter and we're 
		done for.

Han pauses for a moment, makes a decision, and pulls back on a lever.

				HAN
		Turn her around.

Chewie barks in puzzlement.

				HAN
		I said turn her around!  I'm 
		going to put all power in the 
		front shield.

				LEIA
		You're going to attack them?!

				THREEPIO
		Sir, the odds of surviving a 
		direct assault on an Imperial 
		Star Destroyer...

				LEIA
		Shut up!

EXT. SPACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON - ASTEROID FIELD

The Falcon banks, makes a steep, twisting turn.  In the next moment it 
is racing toward the Star Destroyer, looking very small against the 
massive surface of the Imperial ship.  As it moves across the surface 
of the Star Destroyer, the Falcon bobs and weaves to avoid the numerous 
flak bursts.

INT. STAR DESTROYER, AVENGER - BRIDGE

The tiny Falcon heads directly for the Avenger's bridge.  The Imperials 
stationed there are stunned to see the small spaceship racing low 
across the hull, headed directly at the huge windows of the bridge 
area.  Alarms go off everywhere.  The Destroyer's commander, Captain 
Needa, can scarcely believe his eyes.

				NEEDA
		They're moving to attack 
		position!  Shields up!

Needa and his men duck as the Falcon nears the bridge window.  At the 
last minute, the Falcon veers off and out of sight.  All is quiet.

				NEEDA
		Track them.  They may come 
		around for another pass.

				TRACKING OFFICER
		Captain Needa, the ship no longer 
		appears on our scopes.

				NEEDA
		They can't have disappeared.  No 
		ship that small has a cloaking 
		device.

				TRACKING OFFICER
		Well, there's no trace of them, 
		sir.

				COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER
		Captain, Lord Vader demands an 
		update on the pursuit.

				NEEDA
			(drawing a breath)
		Get a shuttle ready.  I shall 
		assume full responsibility for 
		losing them, and apologize to Lord 
		Vader. Meanwhile, continue to 
		scan the area.

				COMMUNICATIONS OFFICER
		Yes, Captain Needa.

EXT. DAGOBAH - BOG - DAY

Luke's face is upside-down and showing enormous strain.  He stands on 
his hands, with Yoda perched on his feet.  Opposite Luke and Yoda are 
two rocks the size of bowling balls.  Luke stares at the rocks and 
concentrates.  One of the rocks lifts from the ground and floats up to 
rest on the other.

				YODA
		Use the Force.  Yes...

Yoda taps Luke's leg.  Quickly, Luke lifts one hand from the ground.  
His body wavers, but he maintains his balance.  Artoo, standing nearby, 
is whistling and beeping frantically.

				YODA
		Now... the stone.  Feel it.

Luke concentrates on trying to lift the top rock.  It rises a few feet, 
shaking under the strain.  But, distracted by Artoo's frantic beeping, 
Luke loses his balance and finally collapses.  Yoda jumps clear.

				YODA
		Concentrate!

Annoyed at the disturbance, Luke looks over at Artoo, who is rocking 
urgently back and forth in front of him.

Artoo waddles closer to Luke, chirping wildly, then scoots over the 
edge of the swamp.  Catching on, Luke rushes to the water's edge.  The 
X-wing fighter has sunk, and only the tip of its nose shows above the 
lake's surface.

				LUKE
		Oh, no.  We'll never get it out 
		now.

Yoda stamps his foot in irritation.

				YODA
		So certain are you.  Always with 
		you it cannot be done.  Hear you
		nothing that I say?

Luke looks uncertainly out at the ship.

				LUKE
		Master, moving stones around is 
		one thing.  This is totally 
		different.

				YODA
		No!  No different!  Only different 
		in your mind.  You must unlearn 
		what you have learned.

				LUKE
			(focusing, quietly)
		All right, I'll give it a try.

				YODA
		No!  Try not.  Do.  Or do not.  
		There is no try.

Luke closes his eyes and concentrates on thinking the ship out.

Slowly, the X-wing's nose begins to rise above the water.  It hovers 
for a moment and then slides back, disappearing once again.

				LUKE
			(panting heavily)
		I can't.  It's too big.

				YODA
		Size matters not.  Look at me.  
		Judge me by my size, do you?  
		Hm?  Mmmm.

Luke shakes his head.

				YODA
		And well you should not.  For my 
		ally in the Force.  And a powerful 
		ally it is.  Life creates it, makes 
		it grow.  Its energy surrounds us 
		and binds us.  Luminous beings 
		are we...
			(Yoda pinches 
			 Luke's shoulder)
		... not this crude matter.
			(a sweeping gesture)
		You must feel the Force around you.
			(gesturing)
		Here, between you... me... the 
		tree... the rock... everywhere!  
		Yes, even between this land and 
		that ship!

				LUKE
			(discouraged)
		You want the impossible.

Quietly Yoda turns toward the X-wing fighter.  With his eyes closed and 
his head bowed, he raises his arm and points at the ship.

Soon, the fighter rises above the water and moves forward as Artoo 
beeps in terror and scoots away.

The entire X-wing moves majestically, surely, toward the shore.  Yoda 
stands on a tree root and guides the fighter carefully down toward the 
beach.

Luke stares in astonishment as the fighter settles down onto the shore.  
He walks toward Yoda.

				LUKE
		I don't... I don't believe it.

				YODA
		That is why you fail.

Luke shakes his head, bewildered.

EXT. SPACE - IMPERIAL FLEET

The fleet around Vader's Star Destroyer now includes Needa's Star 
Destroyer, the Avenger.

INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

				VADER
		Apology accepted, Captain Needa.

Clutching desperately at his throat, Captain Needa slumps down, then 
falls over on his back, at the feet of Darth Vader.  Two stormtroopers 
pick up the lifeless body and carry it quickly away as Admiral Piett 
and two of his captains hurry up to the Dark Lord.

				PIETT
		Lord Vader, our ships have 
		completed their scan of the area 
		and found nothing.  If the 
		Millennium Falcon went into light-
		speed, it'll be on the other side 
		of the galaxy by now.

				VADER
		Alert all commands.  Calculate 
		every possible destination along 
		their last know trajectory.

				PIETT
		Yes, my lord.  We'll find them.

				VADER
		Don't fail me again, Admiral.

Vader exits as the admiral turns to an aide, a little more uneasy than 
when he arrived.

				PIETT
		Alert all commands.  Deploy the fleet.

EXT. SPACE - IMPERIAL FLEET

Vader's ship moves away, flanked by its fleet of smaller ships.  the 
Avenger glides off into space in the opposite direction.  No one on 
that ship or on Vader's is aware that, clinging to the side of the 
Avenger, is the pirateship, the Millennium Falcon.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

				THREEPIO
		Captain Solo, this time you have 
		gone too far.
			(Chewie growls)
		No, I will not be quiet, Chewbacca.
		Why doesn't anyone listen to me?

				HAN
			(to Chewie)
		The fleet is beginning to break 
		up.  Go back and stand by the 
		manual release for the landing claw.

Chewie barks, struggles from his seat, and climbs out of the cabin.

				THREEPIO
		I really don't see how that is 
		going to help.  Surrender is a 
		perfectly acceptable alternative 
		in extreme circumstances.  The 
		Empire may be gracious enough...

Leia reaches over and shuts off Threepio, mid-sentence.

				HAN
		Thank you.

				LEIA
		What did you have in mind for 
		your next move?

				HAN
		Well, if they follow standard 
		Imperial procedure, they'll dump 
		their garbage before they go to 
		light-speed, then we just float 
		away.

				LEIA
		With the rest of the garbage.
		Then what?

				HAN
		Then we've got to find a safe 
		port somewhere around here.  Got 
		any ideas?

				LEIA
		No.  Where are we?

				HAN
		The Anoat system.

				LEIA
		Anoat system.  There's not much 
		there.

				HAN
		No.  Well, wait.  This is 
		interesting.  Lando.

He points to a computer mapscreen on the control panel.  Leia slips out 
of her chair and moves next to the handsome pilot.  Small light points 
representing several systems flash by on the computer screen.

				LEIA
		Lando system?

				HAN
		Lando's not a system, he's a man.
		Lando Calrissian.  He's a card 
		player, gambler, scoundrel.  You'd 
		like him.

				LEIA
		Thanks.

				HAN
		Bespin.  It's pretty far, but I 
		think we can make it.

				LEIA
			(reading from the 
			 computer)
		A mining colony?

				HAN
		Yeah, a Tibanna gas mine.  Lando 
		conned somebody out of it.  We 
		go back a long way, Lando and me.

				LEIA
		Can you trust him?

				HAN
		No.  But he has no love for the
		Empire, I can tell you that.

Chewie barks over the intercom.  Han quickly changes his readouts and 
stretches to look out the cockpit window.

				HAN
			(into intercom)
		Here we go, Chewie.  Stand by.
		Detach!

Han leans back in his chair and gives Leia an invisible smile.  She 
thinks for a moment, shakes her head; a grin creeps across her face and 
she gives him a quick kiss.

				LEIA
		You do have your moments.  Not 
		many, but you have them.

EXT. SPACE - IMPERIAL STAR DESTROYER

As the Avenger Star Destroyer moves slowly into space, the hatch on its 
underbelly opens, sending a trail of junk behind it.  Hidden among the 
refuse, the Falcon tumbles away.  In the next moment, the Avenger roars 
off into hyperspace.  The Falcon's engines are ignited, and it races 
off into the distance.  Amidst the slowly drifting junk, Boba Fett's 
ship appears and moves after the Falcon.

EXT. DAGOBAH - BOG - CLEARING - DAY

In the clearing behind Yoda's house, Luke again stands upside-down, but 
his face shows less strain and more concentration than before.  Yoda 
sits on the ground below the young warrior.  On the other side of the 
clearing, two equipment cases slowly rise into the air.  Nearby Artoo 
watches, humming to himself, when suddenly he, too, rises into the air.  
His little legs kick desperately and his head turns frantically, 
looking for help.

				YODA
		Concentrate... feel the Force 
		flow.  Yes.  Good.  Calm, yes.  
		Through the Force, things you 
		will see.  Other places.  The 
		future... the past.  Old friends 
		long gone.

Luke suddenly becomes distressed.

				LUKE
		Han!  Leia!

The two packing boxes and Artoo fall to the ground with a crash, then 
Luke himself tumbles over.

				YODA
			(shaking his head)
		Hmm.  Control, control.  You must 
		learn control.

				LUKE
		I saw... I saw a city in the 
		clouds.

				YODA
		Mmm.  Friends you have there.

				LUKE
		They were in pain.

				YODA
It is the future you see.

				LUKE
		Future?  Will they die?

Yoda closes his eyes and lowers his head.

				YODA
		Difficult to see.  Always in 
		motion is the future.

				LUKE
		I've got to go to them.

				YODA
		Decide you must how to serve 
		them best.  If you leave now, 
		help them you could.  But you 
		would destroy all for which they 
		have fought and suffered.

Luke is stopped cold by Yoda's words.  Gloom shrouds him as he nods his 
head sadly.

EXT. BESPIN SYSTEM - MILLENNIUM FALCON - DAWN

The powerful pirate starship blasts through space as it heads toward 
the soft pink planet of Bespin.

EXT. BESPIN SURFACE - MILLENNIUM FALCON

It is down on the gaseous planet.  Huge billowing clouds form a canyon 
as the ship banks around them, heading toward the system's Cloud City.

Suddenly, two twin-pod cloud cars appear and move toward the Falcon.  
The cloud cars draw up alongside the starship.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

One of the cloud cars opens fire on the Falcon, its flak rocking the 
ship.  Chewie barks his concern.

				HAN
			(into transmitter)
		No, I don't have a landing 
		permit.  I'm trying to reach 
		Lando Calrissian.

More flak bursts outside the cockpit window and rattles the ship's 
interior.  Leia looks worried.

				HAN
			(into transmitter)
		Whoa!  Wait a minute!  Let me 
		explain.

				INTERCOM VOICE
		You will not deviate from your 
		present course.

				THREEPIO
		Rather touchy, aren't they?

				LEIA
		I thought you knew this person.

Chewie barks and growls at his boss.

				HAN
			(to Chewie)
		Well, that was a long time ago.
		I'm sure he's forgotten about 
		that.

				INTERCOM VOICE
		Permission granted to land on 
		Platform Three-two-seven.

				HAN
			(into transmitter)
		Thank you.

Angry, Han snaps off the intercom.  Chewie looks at him and grunts.  
Han turns to the worried princess and her droid.

				HAN
		There's nothing to worry about.
		We go way back, Lando and me.

Leia doesn't look convinced.

				LEIA
		Who's worried?

EXT. CLOUD CITY - MILLENNIUM FALCON - CLOUD CARS

The clouds part to reveal a full view of the city as it bobs in and out 
of the cloud surface.  The cloud cars and the Falcon head for the 
gleaming white metropolis.

EXT. CLOUD CITY - LANDING PLATFORM - MILLENNIUM FALCON

With the cloud cars still guarding it, the Falcon lands on one of the 
Cloud City's platforms.

EXT. LANDING PLATFORM - DOOR OF MILLENNIUM FALCON

Han and Leia stand at the open door, armed.  Behind them, Chewie, also 
armed, surveys the scene warily.

				THREEPIO
		Oh.  No one to meet us.

				LEIA
		I don't like this.

				HAN
		Well, what would you like?

				THREEPIO
		Well, they did let us land.

				HAN
		Look, don't worry.  Everything's 
		going to be fine.  Trust me.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR - DAY

Lando Calrissian, a suave, dashing black man in his thirties, leads a 
group of aides and some Cloud City guard rapidly toward the landing 
platform.

The group, like the other citizens of the city, is a motley collection 
of aliens, droids, and humans of all descriptions.  Lando has a grim 
expression on his face as he moves onto the landing platform.

EXT. LANDING PLATFORM - DOOR OF MILLENNIUM FALCON

				HAN
		See?  My friend.
			(to Chewie)
		Keep your eyes open, okay?

Chewie growls as Han walks down the ramp.  Lando and his men head 
across the bridge to meet the space pirate.

EXT. CLOUD CITY - LANDING PLATFORM

Lando stops ten feet from Han.  The two men eye each other carefully.  
Lando shakes his head.

				LANDO
		Why, you slimy, double-crossing, 
		no-good swindler!  You've got a 
		lot of guts coming here, after 
		what you pulled.

Han points to himself innocently, mouthing, "Me?"

Lando moves threateningly toward Han.  Suddenly, he throws his arms 
around his startled, long-lost friend and embraces him.

				LANDO
			(laughs)
		How you doing, you old pirate? 
		So good to see you!  I never thought 
		I'd catch up with you again.  Where 
		you been?

The two old friends embrace, laughing and chuckling.

EXT. LANDING PLATFORM - DOOR OF MILLENNIUM FALCON.

				THREEPIO
Well, he seems very friendly.

				LEIA
			(wary)
		Yes... very friendly.

EXT. CLOUD CITY - LANDING PLATFORM

				LANDO
		What are you doing here?

				HAN
			(gestures toward 
			 the Falcon)
		Ahh... repairs.  I thought you 
		could help me out.

				LANDO
			(in mock panic)
		What have you done to my ship?

				HAN
		Your ship?  Hey, remember, you 
		lost her to me fair and square.

Chewie growls a reserved greeting.  Lando suddenly notices the princess 
and smiles.

				LANDO
		Hello.  What have we here?  
		Welcome.  I'm Lando Calrissian.
		I'm the administrator of this 
		facility.  And who might you be?

				LEIA
		Leia.

				LANDO
		Welcome, Leia.

Lando bows before Leia and kisses her hand.

				HAN
		All right, all right, you old 
		smoothie.

Han takes Leia by the hand and steers her away from Lando.

				THREEPIO
		Hello, sir.  I am See-Threepio, 
		human-cyborg relations.  My 
		facilities are at your...

Before Threepio can finish his self-introduction, Lando has turned to 
follow Han and Leia, who are walking toward the city.

				THREEPIO
		Well, really!

Lando, his aide, Lobot, and Han lead the way across the bridge, 
followed by Threepio, Chewie and Leia.

				LANDO
		What's wrong with the Falcon?

				HAN
		Hyperdrive.

				LANDO
		I'll get my people to work on it.

				HAN
		Good.

Lando turns to Leia.

				LANDO
		You know, that ship saved my life 
		quite a few times.  She's the 
		fastest hunk of junk in the galaxy.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR

The group has crossed the narrow bridge and entered the city.  They 
walk down the lovely Art Deco passageway, rounding several corners and 
passing many small plazas as they go.  Threepio lags a bit behind.

				HAN
		How's the gas mine?  Is it 
		paying off for you?

				LANDO
		Oh, not as well as I'd like.
		We're a small outpost and not 
		very self-sufficient.  And I've 
		had supply problems of every kind.
		I've had labor difficulties...
			(catches Han 
			 grinning at him)
		What's so funny?

				HAN
		You.  Listen to you - you sound 
		like a businessman, a responsible 
		leader.  Who'd have thought that, 
		huh?

Lando is reflective.  He looks at Han a moment.

				LANDO
		You know, seeing you sure 
		brings back a few things.

				HAN
		Yeah.

				LANDO
			(shakes his head)
		Yeah.  I'm responsible these days.
		It's the price you pay for being 
		successful.

Han and Lando laugh together, and the group moves on through the 
corridor.

The lagging Threepio passes a Threepio-type silver droid who is coming 
out of a door.

				THREEPIO
		Oh!  Nice to see a familiar face.

				SECOND THREEPIO
			(mumbles)
		E chu ta!

				THREEPIO
		How rude!

Threepio stops, watching the silver droid move away.  Then he hears the 
muffled beeping and whistling of an R2 unit coming from within the 
room.

INT. CLOUD CITY - ANTEROOM

Curious, Threepio enters the room.

				THREEPIO
		That sounds like an R2 unit in 
		there.  I wonder if...

Threepio walks through the doorway to the main room.  He looks in.

				THREEPIO
		Hello?  How interesting.  Oh, my.

				MAN'S VOICE
			(from within)
		Who are you?

				THREEPIO
		Oh, I'm terribly sorry.  I... I 
		didn't mean to intrude.  No, no, 
		please don't get up.  No!

A laser bolt to Threepio's chest sends him flying in twenty directions.  
Smoldering mechanical arms and legs bounce off the walls as the door 
whooshes closed behind him.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR

Lando, Han, and Leia continue down the corridor unaware of Threepio's 
dreadful accident.  Chewbacca glances around, sniffs the air, but 
shrugs his shoulders and follows the group.

EXT. DAGOBAH - BOG - DUSK

In the bright lights of the fighter, Luke loads a heavy case into the 
belly of the ship.  Artoo sits on top of the X-wing, settling down into 
his cubbyhole.  Yoda stands nearby on a log.

				YODA
		Luke!  You must complete the 
		training.

				LUKE
		I can't keep the vision out of my 
		head.  They're my friends.  I've 
		got to help them.

				YODA
		You must not go!

				LUKE
		But Han and Leia will die if I 
		don't.

				BEN'S VOICE
		You don't know that.

Luke looks toward the voice in amazement.  Ben has materialized as a 
real, slightly shimmering image near Yoda.  The power of his presence 
stops Luke.

				BEN
		Even Yoda cannot see their fate.

				LUKE
		But I can help them!  I feel 
		the Force!

				BEN
		But you cannot control it.  This 
		is a dangerous time for you, 
		when you will be tempted by the 
		dark side of the Force.

				YODA
		Yes, yes.  To Obi-Wan you listen.
		The cave.  Remember your failure 
		at the cave!

				LUKE
		But I've learned so much since 
		then.  Master Yoda, I promise to 
		return and finish what I've begun. 
		You have my word.

				BEN
		It is you and your abilities the 
		Emperor wants.  that is why your 
		friends are made to suffer.

				LUKE
		And that is why I have to go.

				BEN
		Luke, I don't want to lose you to 
		the Emperor the way I lost Vader.

				LUKE
		You won't.

				YODA
		Stopped they must be.  On this 
		all depends.  Only a fully trained 
		Jedi Knight with the Force as his 
		ally will conquer Vader and his 
		Emperor.  If you end your training 
		now, if you choose the quick and 
		easy path, as Vader did, you will 
		become an agent of evil.

				BEN
		Patience.

				LUKE
		And sacrifice Han and Leia?

				YODA
		If you honor what they fight for
		... yes!

Luke is in great anguish.  He struggles with the dilemma, a battle 
raging in his mind.

				BEN
		If you choose to face Vader, you 
		will do it alone.  I cannot 
		interfere.

				LUKE
		I understand.
			(he moves to his 
			 X-wing)
		Artoo, fire up the converters.

Artoo whistles a happy reply.

				BEN
		Luke, don't give in to hate - 
		that leads to the dark side.

Luke nods and climbs into his ship.

				YODA
		Strong is Vader.  Mind what you 
		have learned.  Save you it can.

				LUKE
		I will.  And I'll return.  I promise.

Artoo closes the cockpit.  Ben and Yoda stand watching as the roar of 
the engines and the wind engulf them.

				YODA
			(sighs)
		Told you, I did.  Reckless is 
		he.  Now matters are worse.

				BEN
		That boy is our last hope.

				YODA
			(looks up)
		No.  There is another.

EXT. SPACE - PLANET DAGOBAH

Luke's tiny X-wing rockets away from the green planet of Dagobah and 
off into space.

INT. CLOUD CITY - LIVING QUARTERS - DAY

Within the quarters assigned her on Cloud City, Leia paces in 
agitation.  She has changed from her cold-weather pants and jacket to a 
lovely dress.  Her hair is down, tied back with ribbons.  She moves 
from a large, open window and turns to see Han entering through the 
doorway.

				HAN
		The ship is almost finished.
		Two or Three more things and 
		we're in great shape.

				LEIA
		The sooner the better.  Something's 
		wrong here.  No one has seen or 
		knows anything about Threepio.
		He's been gone too long to have 
		gotten lost.

Han takes Leia by the shoulders and gently kisses her forehead.

				HAN
		Relax.  I'll talk to Lando and 
		see what I can find out.

				LEIA
		I don't trust Lando.

				HAN
		Well, I don't trust him, either.
		But he is my friend.  Besides, 
		we'll soon be gone.

				LEIA
		And then you're as good as gone, 
		aren't you?

Not speaking, Han considers her words and gazes at her troubled face.

INT. CLOUD CITY - JUNK ROOM

The room is piled high with broken and discarded machine parts.  Four 
Ugnaughts, small hoglike creatures, separate the junk and throw some 
pieces onto a conveyer belt which moves briskly toward a pit of molten 
metal.  Pieces of Threepio's golden body move down the belt.  Chewie 
enters the room and spots an Ugnaught picking up and inspecting 
Threepio's head.  The Wookiee barks a command, startling the Ugnaught, 
then reaches to grab the head.  But the Ugnaught tosses it away from 
him to another Ugnaught.  This game of keep-away goes on until 
Threepio's head falls from their grip and bounces with a clang onto the 
ground.

INT. CLOUD CITY - LIVING QUARTERS - DAY

The door zaps open.  Chewbacca walks in, carrying a packing case of 
Threepio, arms and legs hanging over the edge.

				LEIA
		What happened?

Chewie sets the case on a table, grunting and groaning an explanation.

				HAN
		Where?  Found him in a junk pile?

				LEIA
		Oh, what a mess.  Chewie, do you 
		think you can repair him?

The giant Wookiee studies the array of robot parts.  He looks at the 
princess and shrugs sadly.

				HAN
		Lando's got people who can fix 
		him.

				LEIA
		No, thanks.

There is a buzz and the door slides open, revealing Lando.

				LANDO
		I'm sorry.  Am I interrupting 
		anything?

				LEIA
		Not really.

				LANDO
		You look absolutely beautiful.
		You truly belong here with us 
		among the clouds.

				LEIA
			(coolly)
		Thank you.

				LANDO
		Will you join me for a little 
		refreshment?

Han looks at Lando suspiciously, but Chewie barks at the mention of 
food and licks his lips.

				LANDO
		Everyone's invited, of course.

Leia takes Lando's proffered arm, and the group turns to go.  Lando 
spots Threepio's remains.

				LANDO
		Having trouble with you droid?

Han and Leia exchange a quick glance.

				HAN
		No.  No problem.  Why?

Han and Leia move arm-in-arm through the door, followed by Lando and 
Chewie.  The door slides closed behind them.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR - DAY

Leia walks between Han and Lando as Chewie follows a short distance 
behind.  Long shafts of light pour across the corridor between tall, 
pure-white columns.

				LANDO
		So you see, since we're a small 
		operation, we don't fall into 
		the... uh... jurisdiction of the 
		Empire.

				LEIA
		So you're part of the mining 
		guild then?

				LANDO
		No, not actually.  Our operation 
		is small enough not to be noticed... 
		which is advantageous for everybody 
		since our customers are anxious 
		to avoid attracting attention to 
		themselves.

The group walks into another corridor and heads for a huge doorway at 
the far end.

				HAN
		Aren't you afraid the Empire's 
		going to find out about this 
		little operation and shut you down?

				LANDO
		That's always been a danger looming 
		like a shadow over everything we've 
		built here.  But things have 
		developed that will insure security.
		I've just made a deal that will 
		keep the Empire out of here forever.

INT. CLOUD CITY - DINING ROOM

The mighty doors to the dining room slide open and the group enters the 
dining room.  At the far end of a huge banquet table sits Darth Vader.  
Standing at his side and slightly behind him is Boba Fett, the bounty 
hunter.

Faster than the wink of an eye, Han draws his blaster and pops off a 
couple of shots directly at Vader.  The Dark Lord quickly raises his 
hand, deflecting the bolts into one of the side walls, where they 
explode harmlessly.  Just as quickly, Han's weapon zips into Vader's 
hand.  The evil presence calmly places the gun on the table in front of 
him.

				VADER
		We would be honored if you would 
		join us.

Han gives Lando a mean look.

				LANDO
		I had no choice.  They arrived 
right before you did.  I'm sorry.
		
				HAN
		I'm sorry, too.

EXT.  LUKE'S X-WING - BESPIN SYSTEM

Luke's X-wing races through thick clouds toward Cloud City.

INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

Luke is grim-faced as he pilots his course toward Bespin's shining 
city.  Artoo's beeps and whistles are transmitted onto the scope.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		No, Threepio's with them.

Artoo whistles another worried inquiry.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Just hang on.  We're almost there.

INT. CLOUD CITY - LARGE CELL

Chewbacca is in a Cloud City prison cell.  The stark room is flooded 
with hot light.  To add to Chewie's misery, a high-pitched whistle 
screeches loudly.  Chewie is going mad.  He hits the wall with giant 
fists as he paces back and forth across the cell floor.  The upper 
lights go off abruptly.  The prisoner rubs his eyes and moves to a 
wall, where he listens for a moment.  Then, moaning to himself, he 
moves to a platform where the disassembled pieces of Threepio lie.  He 
picks up the golden droid's head and meditates on it for a moment, 
barking a few philosophical remarks.  Chewie sticks the robot's head on 
its torso and starts adjusting wires and circuits.

Suddenly, the lights in Threepio's eyes spark to life as Chewie touches 
two connectors together.  Threepio immediately begins to speak, but his 
voice is so slow and so low as to be nearly unintelligible.

				THREEPIO
		Mmmm.  Oh, my.  Uh, I, uh - Take 
		this off!  I, uh, don't mean to 
		intrude here.  I, don't, no, no, 
		no... Please don't get up.  No!

Chewie looks at Threepio in bewilderment, then scratches his furry 
head.  He gets an idea and adjusts some connections, whereupon Threepio 
immediately begins speaking normally.

				THREEPIO
		Stormtroopers?  Here?  We're in 
		danger.  I must tell the others.
		Oh, no!  I've been shot!

INT. CLOUD CITY - PRISON ENTRY AREA

Darth Vader strides through the room as two stormtroopers prepare an 
elaborate torture mechanism.  Han is strapped to a rack which tilts 
forward onto the torture device.  Vader activates the mechanism, 
creating two bursts of sparks, one of which strikes Han's face.

The door opens, and Vader leaves the torture room just as Han screams a 
sharp, piercing cry of agony.  Darth Vader moves to the holding 
chamber, where Lando and Boba Fett await him.

INT. CLOUD CITY - HOLDING CHAMBER

				LANDO
		Lord Vader.

				VADER
			(to Fett)
		You may take Captain Solo to 
		Jabba the Hut after I have 
		Skywalker.

Han's screams filter through the torture room door.

				BOBA FETT
		He's no good to me dead.

				VADER
		He will not be permanently damaged.

				LANDO
		Lord Vader, what about Leia and 
		the Wookiee?

				VADER
		They must never again leave this 
		city.

				LANDO
		That was never a condition of our 
		agreement, nor was giving Han to 
		this bounty hunter!

				VADER
		Perhaps you think you're being 
		treated unfairly.

				LANDO
		No.

				VADER
		Good.  It would be unfortunate if 
		I had to leave a garrison here.

Vader turns and sweeps into the elevator with Boba Fett.  Lando walks 
swiftly down another corridor, muttering to himself.

				LANDO
		This deal's getting worse all 
		the time.

INT. CLOUD CITY - LARGE CELL

Chewie now has a little more of Threepio back together.  One arm is 
connected, but the legs are yet to be attached.  There is one small 
problem, however.  It seems the Wookiee has managed to put the droid's 
head on backwards.

				THREEPIO
		Oh, yes, that's very good.  I like 
		that.  Oh!  Something's not right 
		because now I can't see.  Wait.  
		Wait!  Oh, my!  what have you done?  
		I'm backwards, you stupid furball.  
		Only an overgrown mophead like you 
		would be stupid enough...

Threepio is cut off in mid-sentence as Chewie angrily deactivates a 
circuit and the droid shuts down.  The Wookiee smells something and 
sits up.  The door to the chamber slides open and a ragged Han Solo is 
shoved into the room by two stormtroopers.  Barking his concern, the 
huge Wookiee gives Han a big hug.  Han is very pale, with dark circles 
under his eyes.

				HAN
		I feel terrible.

Chewie helps Han to a platform and then turns as the door slides open 
revealing Leia.  She, too, looks a little worse for wear.  The troopers 
push her into the cell, and the door slides closed.  She moves to Han, 
who is lying on the platform, and kneels next to him, gently stroking 
his head.

				LEIA
		Why are they doing this?

				HAN
		They never even asked me any 
		questions.

The cell door slides open.  Lando and two of his guards enter.

				LEIA
		Lando.

				HAN
		Get out of here, Lando!

				LANDO
		Shut up and listen!  Vader has 
		agreed to turn Leia and Chewie 
		over to me.

				HAN
		Over to you?

				LANDO
		They'll have to stay here, but at 
		least they'll be safe.

				LEIA
		What about Han?

				LANDO
		Vader's giving him to the bounty 
		hunter.

				LEIA
		Vader wants us all dead.

				LANDO
		He doesn't want you at all.  He's 
		after somebody called Skywalker.

				HAN
		Luke?

				LANDO
		Lord Vader has set a trap for him.

Leia's mind is racing.

				LEIA
		And we're the bait.

				LANDO
		Well, he's on his way.

Han's rage peaks.

				HAN
		Perfect.  You fixed us all pretty 
		good, didn't you?
			(spits it out)
		My friend!

Han hauls off and punches Lando.  The two friends are instantly engaged 
in a frantic close-quarters fight.  The guards hit Han with their rifle 
butts and he flies across the room.  Chewie growls and starts for the 
guards.  They point their laser weapons at the giant Wookiee, but Lando 
stops them.

				LANDO
		Stop!  I've done all I can.  I'm 
		sorry I couldn't do better, but 
		I have my own problems.

				HAN
		Yeah, you're a real hero.

Lando and the guards leave.  Han wipes the blood from his chin as Leia 
and Chewie help him up.

				LEIA
			(dabs at his wound)
		You certainly have a way with 
		people.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER

Four armor-suited stormtroopers stand at the ready in the large 
chamber, which is filled with pipes and chemical tanks.  In the middle 
of the room is a round pit housing a hydraulic platform.  Darth Vader 
and Lando stand near the platform.

				VADER
		This facility is crude, but it 
		should be adequate to freeze 
		Skywalker for his journey to the 
		Emperor.

An Imperial soldier appears.

				IMPERIAL SOLDIER
		Lord Vader, ship approaching.
		X-wing class.

				VADER
		Good.  Monitor Skywalker and allow 
		him to land.

The soldier bows and leaves the chamber.

				LANDO
		Lord Vader, we only use this 
		facility for carbon freezing.  If 
		you put him in there, it might 
		kill him.

				VADER
		I do not want the Emperor's prize 
		damaged.  We will test it... on 
		Captain Solo.

Lando's face registers dismay.

EXT. SPACE - BESPIN SYSTEM -  LUKE'S X-WING

Luke's X-wing moves through the clouds as it nears the city.

INT.  LUKE'S X-WING - COCKPIT

Encountering no city guards, Luke scans the display panel with concern.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER

There is a great activity on the carbon-freezing platform.  Six 
Ugnaughts frantically prepare the chamber for use.  A special 
coffinlike container is put in place.  With Boba Fett in the lead, a 
squad of six stormtroopers brings in Han, Leia and Chewie.  Strapped to 
Chewie's back, with only his head, torso, and one arm assembled, is 
Threepio.  Threepio's head faces the opposite direction from Chewie's 
and the droid is constantly twisting around in a vain effort to see 
what is happening.  His one attached arm is animate and expressive, 
intermittently pointing, gesturing, and covering his eyes.  The 
remaining pieces of his body are randomly bundled to the Wookiee's back 
so that his legs and other arm stick out at odd angles from the pack.

				THREEPIO
		If only you had attached my legs, 
		I wouldn't be in this ridiculous 
		position.  Now, remember, Chewbacca, 
		you have a responsibility to me, 
		so don't do anything foolish.

				HAN
			(to Lando)
		What's going on... buddy?

				LANDO
		You're being put into carbon freeze.

Boba Fett moves away from the group to Darth Vader.

				BOBA FETT
		What if he doesn't survive?  He's 
		worth a lot to me.

				VADER
		The Empire will compensate you 
		if he dies.  Put him in!

Realizing what is about to happen, Chewie lets out a wild howl and 
attacks the stormtroopers surrounding Han.  Within seconds, other 
Imperial reinforcements join the scuffle, clubbing the giant Wookiee 
with their laser weapons.

From the instant of Chewie's first move, Threepio begins to scream in 
panic while he tries to protect himself with his one arm.

				THREEPIO
		Oh, no!  No, no, no!  Stop, 
		Chewbacca, stop...!

The stormtroopers are about to bash Chewie in the face.

				HAN
		Stop, Chewie, stop!  Do you hear 
		me?  Stop!

				THREEPIO
		Yes, stop, please!  I'm not ready 
		to die.

Han breaks away from his captors.  Vader nods to the guards to let him 
go and the pirate breaks up the fight.

				HAN
		Chewie!  Chewie, this won't help 
		me.  Hey!

Han gives the Wookiee a stern look.

				HAN
		Save your strength.  There'll be 
		another time.  The princess - you 
		have to take care of her.  You 
		hear me?

Han winks at the Wookiee, who wails a doleful farewell.

In a flash the guards have slipped binders on Chewbacca, who is too 
distraught to protest.  Han turns to Princess Leia.  They look 
sorrowfully at one another, then Han moves toward her and gives her a 
final, passionate kiss.

				LEIA
		I love you!

				HAN
		I know.

Tears roll down Leia's face as she watches the dashing pirate walk to 
the hydraulic platform.  Han looks one final time at his friends - and 
then, suddenly, the platform drops.  Chewie howls.  Leia turns away in 
agony.

Lando winces in sorrow; it makes a life-changing impression on him.

Instantly, fiery liquid begins to pour down in a shower of sparks and 
fluid as great as any steel furnace.  Holding Leia, Chewie half-turns 
away from the sight, giving Threepio a view of the procedure.

				THREEPIO
		What... what's going on?  Turn 
		round, Chewbacca, I can't see.  
		Oh... they've encased him in 
		carbonite.  He should be quite 
		well-protected - if he survives 
		the freezing process, that is.

Chewie is in no mood for technical discussion; he gives the droid an 
angry glance and bark.

A huge mechanical tong lifts the steaming metal-encased space pirate 
out of the vat and stands him on the platform.  Some Ugnaughts rush 
over and push the block over onto the platform.  They slide the 
coffinlike structure to the block and lift the metal block, placing it 
inside.  They then attach an electronic box onto the structure and step 
away.  Lando kneels and adjusts some knobs, measuring the heat.  He 
shakes his head in relief.

				VADER
		Well, Calrissian, did he survive?

				LANDO
		Yes, he's alive.  And in perfect 
		hibernation.

Vader turns to Boba Fett.

				VADER
		He's all yours bounty hunter.
		Reset the chamber for Skywalker.

				IMPERIAL OFFICER
		Skywalker has just landed, my 
		lord.

				VADER
		Good.  See to it that he finds 
		his way here.  Calrissian, take 
		the princess and the Wookiee to 
		my ship.

				LANDO
		You said they'd be left in the 
		city under my supervision.

				VADER
		I am altering the deal.  Pray I 
		don't alter it any further.

Lando's hand instinctively goes to his throat as he turns to Leia, 
Chewie, and Threepio.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR - DAY

As Luke and Artoo move carefully down a deserted corridor, they hear a 
group of people coming down a side hallway.  Artoo lets out an excited 
series of beeps and whistles.  Luke glares at the tiny droid, who stops 
in his tracks with a feeble squeak.

Boba Fett enters from a side hallway followed by two guards pushing the 
floating, encased body of Han Solo.  Two stormtroopers, who follow, 
immediately spot Luke and open fire on him.  The youth draws his weapon 
and blasts the two troopers before they can get off a second shot.  The 
two guards whisk Han into another hallway as Fett lowers his arm and 
fires a deadly laser at Luke, which explodes to one side and tears up a 
huge chunk of wall.

Luke rushes to a side hallway, but by the time he reaches it, Fett, 
Han, and the guards are gone.  A think metal door blocks the passage.  
Luke turns to see Leia, Chewie, Threepio, and Lando being herded down a 
second hallway by several other stormtroopers.  Leia turns just in time 
to see Luke.

				LEIA
		Luke!  Luke, don't - it's a 
		trap!  It's a trap!

Before she can finish, she is pulled through a doorway and disappears 
from sight.  Luke races after the group, leaving little Artoo trailing 
behind.

INT. CLOUD CITY - ANTEROOM

Luke runs into an anteroom and stops to get his bearings.  Leia and the 
others are nowhere to be seen.  Behind Luke, Artoo scoots down the 
corridor toward the anteroom when suddenly a giant metal door comes 
slamming down, cutting off Luke's exit.  Several more doors clang shut, 
echoing through the chamber.

INT. CLOUD CITY - HALLWAY LEADING TO ANTEROOM

Artoo stands with his nose pressed against the giant metal door.  He 
whistles a long sigh of relief and, a little dazed, wanders off in the 
other direction.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER - ANTEROOM

Luke cautiously walks forward among hissing pipes and steam.  Seeing an 
opening above him, he stops to look up.  As he does, the platform he 
stands on begins to move.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER

Luke rises into the chamber, borne by the platform.  The room is 
deathly quiet.  Very little steam escapes the pipes and no one else 
seems to be in the large room.  Warily, Luke walks toward the stairway.

Steam begins to build up in the chamber.  Looking up through the steam, 
Luke sees a dark figure standing on a walkway above him.  Luke holsters 
his gun and moves up the stairs to face Vader.  He feels confident, 
eager to engage his enemy.

				VADER
		The Force is with you, young 
		Skywalker.  But you are not a 
		Jedi yet.

Luke ignites his sword in answer.  In an instant, Vader's own sword is 
lit.  Luke lunges, but Vader repels the blow.  Again Luke attacks, and 
the swords of the two combatants clash in battle.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR

Leia, Lando, and Chewie, with Threepio on his back, march along, 
guarded by six stormtroopers.  The group reaches an intersection where 
Lobot and a dozen of Lando's guards stand at attention.

The guards immediately aim their weapons at the startled stormtroopers.  
Taking the stormtroopers' weapons from them, Lobot hands one to Leia 
and one to Lando.

				LANDO
		Well done.  Hold them in the 
		security tower - and keep it 
		quiet.  Move.

As Lando's guards quickly march the stormtroopers away, Lando begins to 
undo Chewie's binding.

				LEIA
		What do you think you're doing?

				LANDO
		We're getting out of here.

				THREEPIO
		I knew all along it had to be a 
		mistake.

Chewie turns on Lando and starts to choke him.

				LEIA
		Do you think that after what you 
		did to Han we're going to trust 
		you?

Lando tries to free himself from Chewie.

				LANDO
			(choking)
		I had no choice...

Chewie barks ferociously.

				THREEPIO
			(to Chewie)
		What are you doing?  Trust him, 
		trust him!

				LEIA
		Oh, so we understand, don't we, 
		Chewie?  He had no choice.

				LANDO
		I'm just trying to help...

				LEIA
		We don't need any of your help.

				LANDO
			(choking)
		H-a-a-a...

				LEIA
		What?

				THREEPIO
		It sounds like Han.

				LANDO
		There's still a chance to save 
		Han... I mean, at the East 
		Platform...

				LEIA
		Chewie.

Chewie finally releases Lando, who fights to get his breath back.

				THREEPIO
			(to Lando)
		I'm terribly sorry about all this. 
		After all, he's only a Wookiee.

EXT. CLOUD CITY - EAST LANDING PLATFORM - BOBA FETT'S SHIP

The two guards slide Han's encased body into an opening in the side of 
the bounty hunter's ship.  Boba Fett climb aboard on a ladder next to 
the cargo hold.

				BOBA FETT
		Put Captain Solo in the cargo 
		hold.

And with that, the door slams shut.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR

Lando, Leia, and Chewie run down a Cloud City corridor when suddenly 
they spot Artoo who rushes toward them, beeping wildly.

				THREEPIO
		Artoo!  Artoo!  Where have you 
		been?

Chewie turns around to see the stubby droid, causing Threepio to be 
spun out of sight of his friend.

				THREEPIO
		Turn around, you wooly...! 
			(to Artoo)
		Hurry, hurry!  We're trying to 
		save Han from the bounty hunter!

Whistling frantically to Threepio, Artoo scoots along with the racing 
group.

				THREEPIO
		Well, at least your still in 
		one piece!  Look what happened to 
		me!

EXT. EAST LANDING PLATFORM - SIDE BAY

An elevator door slides open and Lando, Leia, and Chewbacca race for a 
large bay overlooking the East Landing Platform.

Just as they arrive, Boba Fett's ship takes off against a cloudy sunset 
sky.  

In wild anguish, Chewie howls and starts firing at the ship.

				THREEPIO
		Oh, no!  Chewie, they're behind 
		you!

A laser bolt explodes near the princess.  Everyone turns to see what 
Threepio has already spotted coming from the other direction; a squad 
of stormtroopers running toward them.  Artoo peeks out from the 
elevator.

Leia and Chewbacca start firing at the troopers as Lando makes a break 
for the elevator.  Laser bolts continue to explode around the princess 
and the Wookiee, but they refuse to budge.  Lando sticks his head out 
of the elevator and motions for the pair to run, but they barely 
notice.  They seem possessed, transported, as all the frustration of 
captivity and anger of loss pour through their death-dealing weapons.

But after a few moments, they begin to move through the rain of laser 
fire toward the elevator.  Once they are inside, the door slams shut 
and the stormtroopers race forward.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CARBON-FREEZING CHAMBER

Luke and Vader are locked in combat on the platform overlooking the 
chamber.  Their swords clash, the platform sways.  Luke aggressively 
drives Vader back, forcing Vader to use defensive tactics.

				VADER
		You have learned much, young one.

				LUKE
		You'll find I'm full of surprises.

Vader makes two quick moves, hooking Luke's sword out of his hand and 
sending it flying.  Another lightning move at Luke's feet forces the 
youth to jump back to protect himself.  Losing his balance, Luke rolls 
down the stairs to the circular carbon-freezing platform.  There he 
sprawls on the floor, surprised and shaken.  Just in time he looks up 
to see Vader, like a giant black bird, flying right at him.  Luke rolls 
away as Vader lands.  Crouching, Luke keeps his gaze steadily on his 
enemy.

				VADER
		Your destiny lies with me, 
		Skywalker.  Obi-Wan knew this to 
		be true.

				LUKE
		No!

Behind Luke the hydraulic elevator cover has opened noiselessly.  All 
the while, Luke slowly, cautiously moves back, away from the Dark Lord.

Suddenly, Vader attacks so forcefully that Luke loses his balance and 
falls back into the opening.  There is a rumble, and in an instant 
freezing steam rises to obscure Vader's vision.   Vader turns aside and 
deactivates his sword.

				VADER
		All to easy.  Perhaps you are not 
		as strong as the Emperor thought.

Through the steam behind Vader something blurs upward.  Liquid metal 
begins to pour into the pit.

Vader turns around - and then looks up.  He sees Luke, who has leaped 
fifteen feet straight up and who now hangs from some hoses on the 
carbonite outlet.

				VADER
		Impressive... most impressive.

Luke jumps down to the platform where he is separated from Vader by the 
steaming carbonite pit.  He raises his hand.  His sword, which had 
fallen on another part of the platform, swiftly jumps into his 
outstretched hand and is instantly ignited.  Vader immediately lights 
his sword as well.

				VADER
		Obi-Wan has taught you well.  You 
		have controlled your fear... now 
		release your anger.

Luke is more cautious, controlling his anger.  He begins to retreat as 
Vader goads him on.  As Luke takes a defensive position, he realizes he 
has been foolhardy.  A quick sword exchange and Luke forces Vader back.  
Another exchange and Vader retreats.  Luke presses forward.

				VADER
		Only your hatred can destroy me.

Breathing hard, Luke jumps in the air, turning a somersault over Vader.  
He lands on the floor and slashes at Vader as the room continues to 
fill up with steam.

Vader retreats before Luke's skillful sword.  Vader blocks the sword, 
but looses his balance and falls into the outer rim of pipes.  The 
energy Luke has used to stop Vader has brought him to the point of 
collapse.  Luke moves to the edge and looks down, but sees no sign of 
Vader.  He then deactivates his sword, hooks it on his belt, and lowers 
himself into the pit.

INT. CLOUD CITY - TUNNEL AND REACTOR CONTROL ROOM

Moving through a tunnellike entrance, Luke cautiously approaches the 
reactor room.  He ignites his sword and moves into the room and toward 
a large window as Vader enters.

Luke raises his sword and moves forward to attack.

Behind Luke a large piece of machinery detaches itself from the wall 
and comes smashing forward toward his back.  Luke turns and cuts it in 
half just as another machine comes hurtling at him.  Using the Force, 
Luke manages to deflect it and send it flying as if it had hit an 
invisible shield.

A large pipe detaches and comes flying at Luke.  He deflects it.  
Sparking wires pull out of the wall and begin to whip at the youth.  
Small tools and equipment come flying at him.  Bombardment from all 
sides, Luke does his best to deflect everything, but soon he is 
bloodied and bruised.  Finally, one machine glances off his and goes 
flying out the large window.  A fierce wind blows into the room, 
unmoving, stands the dark, rocklike figure of Vader.

A piece of machinery hits Luke and he is knocked out of the window.

INT. GANTRY - OUTSIDE CONTROL ROOM - REACTOR SHAFT

Luke falls onto the gantry, rolls, and hangs over the edge, holding his 
deactivated sword in hand.  He puts the sword on his belt and begins to 
scramble up.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR LEADING TO LANDING PLATFORM

Leia, Lando, Chewie and the droids come round a corner and head for the 
door to the landing platform.  They glimpse the Millennium Falcon for a 
moment before the door slams shut.  The group ducks into an alcove as 
stormtroopers arrive at the end of the corridor.  The troopers send a 
rain of laser bolts at the group.  Chewie returns their fire as Lando 
punches desperately at the door's control panel.

				LANDO
		The security codes has been changed!

				THREEPIO
		Artoo, you can tell the computer 
		to override the security system.

Threepio points to a computer socket on the control panel.  Artoo beeps 
and scoots toward it.  Lando meanwhile has connected up to the panel's 
intercom.

				LANDO
		Attention!  This is Lando
		Calrissian.  The Empire has takes 
		control of the city.  I advise 
		everyone to leave before more 
		Imperial troops arrive.

Artoo takes off a computer cover and sticks his computer arm into the 
socket.  Suddenly, a short beep turns into a wild scream.  Artoo's 
circuits light up, his head spins wildly, and smoke begins to seep out 
underneath him.  Quickly, Chewie pulls him away.

				LANDO
		This way.

Lando, Leia, Artoo, and Chewie flee down the corridor.  As he scoots 
along with them, Artoo sends some angry beeps Threepio's way.

				THREEPIO
		Don't blame me.  I'm an interpreter. 
		I'm not supposed to know a power 
		socket from a computer terminal.

INT. CLOUD CITY - CORRIDOR

In a panic, Cloud City residents are trying to get out of the city.  
Some carry boxes, others packages.  They run, then change direction.  
Some are shooting at stormtroopers, others simply try to hide.

Other stormtroopers pursue Lando, Leia, and Chewie who are firing back 
at them.  Artoo works on another door to the landing platform while 
Threepio berates him for his seeming ineptitude.

				THREEPIO
		What are you talking about?  We're 
		not interested in the hyperdrive 
		on the Millennium Falcon.  It's 
		fixed!  Just open the door, you 
		stupid lump.

Chewie, Leia, and Lando retreat along the corridor.  A triumphant beep 
from Artoo - and the door snaps open.

				THREEPIO
			(to Artoo)
		I never doubted you for a second.
		Wonderful!

Artoo lays a cloud fog, obscuring everything, as the group dashes 
outside.

EXT. LANDING PLATFORM - CLOUD CITY - DUSK

They race for the Millennium Falcon as a battalion of stormtroopers 
reaches the main door.  Lando and Leia hold off the troops as the 
droids get on board with Chewie.  As Chewie bounds to the ship the 
Threepio on his back, Threepio hits his head on the top of the ramp.

				THREEPIO
		Ouch!  Oh!  Ah!  That hurt.  Bend 
		down, you thoughtless... Ow!

Chewie starts up the ship.  The giant engines begin to whine as Lando 
and Leia race up the ramp under a hail of laser fire.

				LANDO
		Leia!  Go!

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CORRIDOR

Artoo drags the partially assembled Threepio down the corridor of the 
Falcon.

				THREEPIO
		I thought that hairy beast would 
		be the end of me.  Of course, I've 
		looked better.

Artoo beeps understandingly.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Chewie works the controls as Leia sits in Han's seat and Lando watches 
over their shoulders.  As Chewie pulls back on the throttle, the ship 
begins to move.

EXT. CLOUD CITY - LANDING PLATFORM - DUSK

The Millennium Falcon lifts gracefully into the twilight sky and roars 
away from the city.  Troops fire after it and TIE fighters take off in 
pursuit.

INT. GANTRY - OUTSIDE CONTROL ROOM - REACTOR SHAFT

Luke moves along the railing and up to the control room.

Vader lunges at him and Luke immediately raises his lit sword to meet 
Vader's.  Sparks fly as they duel, Vader gradually forcing Luke 
backward toward the gantry.

				VADER
		You are beaten.  It is useless 
		to resist.  Don't let yourself 
		be destroyed as Obi-Wan did.

Luke answers by rolling sideways and thrusting his sword at Vader so 
viciously that he nicks Vader on the shoulder.  The black armor sparks 
and smokes and Vader seems to be hurt, but immediately recovers.

Luke backs off along the narrow end of the gantry as Vader comes at 
him, slashing at the young Jedi with his sword.  Luke makes a quick 
move around the instrument complex attached to the end of the gantry.  
Vader's sword comes slashing down, cutting the complex loose; it begins 
to fall, then is caught by the rising wind and blown upward.

Luke glances at the instrument complex floating away.  At that instant, 
Vader's sword comes down across Luke's right forearm, cutting off his 
hand and sending his sword flying.  In great pain, Luke squeezes his 
forearm under his left armpit and moves back along the gantry to its 
extreme end.  Vader
follows.  The wind subsides.  Luke holds on.  There is nowhere else to 
go.  

				VADER
		There is no escape.  Don't make 
		me destroy you.  You do not yet 
		realize your importance.  You 
		have only begun to discover your 
		power.  Join me and I will complete 
		your training.  With our combined 
		strength, we can end this destructive 
		conflict and bring order to the 
		galaxy.

				LUKE
		I'll never join you!

				VADER
		If you only knew the power of the 
		dark side.  Obi-Wan never told 
		you what happened to your father.

				LUKE
		He told me enough!  It was you 
		who killed him.

				VADER
		No.  I am your father.

Shocked, Luke looks at Vader in utter disbelief.

				LUKE
		No.  No.  That's not true!  
		That's impossible!

				VADER
		Search your feelings.  You know 
		it to be true.

				LUKE
		No!  No!  No!

				VADER
		Luke.  You can destroy the Emperor.
		He has foreseen this.  It is your 
		destiny.  Join me, and together 
		we can rule the galaxy as father 
		and son.  Come with me.  It is the 
		only way.

Vader puts away his sword and holds his hand out to Luke.

A calm comes over Luke, and he makes a decision.  In the next instant 
he steps off the gantry platform into space.  The Dark Lord looks over 
the platform and sees Luke falling far below.  The wind begins to blow 
at Vader's cape and the torrent finally forces him back, away from the 
edge.  The wind soon fades and the wounded Jedi begins to drop fast, 
unable to grab onto anything to break his fall.

INT. REACTOR SHAFT

Suddenly Luke is sucked into an exhaust pipe in the side of the shaft.  
When Vader sees this, he turns and hurries off the platform.

INT. EXHAUST PIPE

Luke tumbles through the exhaust pipe.

He slides to the end of the slickly polished pipe and stops as his feet 
hit a circular grill and knock it open.  Luke claws at the surface of 
the pipe, trying to keep from sliding out into space.

EXT. BOTTOM OF CLOUD CITY - WEATHER VANE - DUSK

Unable to hang onto the pipe, Luke tumbles out, emerging at the 
undermost part of Cloud City.  Reaching out desperately, he manages to 
grab onto on electronic weather vane.

				LUKE
		Ben... Ben, please!

Luke tries to pull himself up on the weather vane but slips back down.  
He hooks one of his legs around the fragile instruments.  All the 
while, a powerful current of air rushes out at him from the exhaust 
pipe.

				LUKE
		Ben.  Leia!

There is an ominous cracking sound from the base of the
weather vane and a piece breaks off, falling into the clouds far below.

				LUKE
		Hear me!  Leia!

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Leia seems to be lost in a fog, her expression troubled.  Chewie is 
busy operating the ship.  Lando stands next to the Wookiee, watching a 
readout on the control panel.

				LEIA
		Luke... We've got to go back.

Chewie growls in surprise.

				LANDO
		What?

				LEIA
		I know where Luke is.

				LANDO
		But what about those fighter?

Chewie barks in agreement with Lando.

				LEIA
		Chewie, just do it.

				LANDO
		But what about Vader?

Chewie turns on Lando, the newcomer, with an ominous growl.

				LANDO
		All right, all right, all right.

EXT. CLOUD CITY - MILLENNIUM FALCON - DUSK

The Falcon makes a graceful banking turn back toward Cloud City.

EXT. CLOUD CITY - LANDING PLATFORM

Vader enters the landing platform and watches as the speck that is the 
Falcon disappears.  The wind blows at his cape.

He turns to two aides who are standing near the entrance to the landing 
platform.

				VADER
		Bring my shuttle.

EXT. BOTTOM OF CLOUD CITY - WEATHER VANE

Nearly unconscious, Luke hangs upside-down on the weather vane as his 
body shifts in the wind.

EXT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - BOTTOM OF CLOUD CITY

The Falcon dives to the underside of the floating city.  Three TIE 
fighter close in on the starship.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON

Leia tries to remain calm.

				LANDO
			(pointing out the 
			 cockpit window)
		Look, someone's up there.

				LEIA
		It's Luke.  Chewie, slow down.
		Slow down and we'll get under him.
		Lando, open the top hatch.

Lando rushes out of the cockpit.

EXT. BOTTOM OF CLOUD CITY - WEATHER VANE

Luke hangs by one arm from the crossbar of the weather vane.  He slips 
from the bar and grabs onto the pole of the vane as the Falcon banks 
toward him.  The Falcon positions itself under Luke as Lando moves up 
through the opening of the hatch.  Luke begins to slide and finally 
falls from the vane into space.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Out the cockpit window, Leia sees Luke falling from the bottom of the 
city.  The ship gains on him.

				LEIA
		Okay.  Easy, Chewie.

The Falcon closes in on Luke.

EXT. BOTTOM OF CLOUD CITY

Three TIE fighters race toward the Falcon, firing away.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HATCH

The hatch pops open with a hiss of pressure.  Lando reaches out to help 
the battered warrior inside the ship.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Flak bursts all around it as the Falcon banks away from the city.  Leia 
and Chewie struggle with the controls.

				LEIA
			(into intercom)
		Lando?

				LANDO
			(over intercom)
		Okay, let's go.

EXT. BOTTOM OF CLOUD CITY

The Falcon races away.  It is closely followed by three TIE fighters, 
all of which keep up a heavy laser assault on the fleeing starship.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Explosions erupt all around the cockpit, buffeting the ship wildly.  
Chewie howls as he frantically tries to control the ship.

Leia and Chewie turns to see Luke, bloody and battered, enter the 
cockpit supported by Lando.  Leia jumps up and hugs him while Chewie 
barks in joyous relief.

				LUKE
		Oh, Leia.

				LANDO
		All right, Chewie.  Let's go.

Leia helps Luke from the cockpit as another huge blast rocks the ship.

EXT. SPACE - CLOUD CITY - DAY

The Falcon, still followed by the three TIE fighters, races away from 
the cloud-covered city.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SLEEPING QUARTERS

Luke rests on a cot, his injured arm wrapped in a protective cuff.  
Leia gently wipes his face.  The ship lurches again.

				LEIA
		I'll be back.

She kisses him, then leaves the quarters.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

All over the ship muted alarm buzzers sound.  Lando anxiously watches 
the flashing lights on the control panel and hurriedly adjusts some 
switches.  Seated next to him, Chewie points out a new blip appearing 
on the panel.  Leia, watching over their shoulders, recognizes the 
shape.

				LEIA
		Star Destroyer.

				LANDO
		All right, Chewie.  Ready for 
		light-speed.

				LEIA
		If your people fixed the 
		hyperdrive.

Another explosion rocks the ship.  Leia notices as a green light on the 
panel next to her flashes on.

				LEIA
		All the coordinates are set.
		It's now or never.

Chewie barks in agreement.

				LANDO
		Punch it!

The Wookiee shrugs and pulls back on the light-speed throttle.  The 
sound of the ion engine changes...it is winding up.  Faces are tense, 
expectant.  But nothing happens, and the engine goes off.  Chewie lets 
out a frustrated howl.  The flak still violently rocks the ship.

				LANDO
		They told me they fixed it.  I 
		trusted them to fix it.  It's not 
		my fault!

Chewie gets up from his chair and starts out of the cockpit.  He gives 
Lando and angry shove as he storms past him.

EXT. SPACE

In the distance the TIE fighters continue their chase, still shooting 
lasers.  Vader's Star Destroyer moves behind them, determinedly 
following the Falcon.

INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

Vader stands on the bridge looking out the window as Admiral Piett 
approaches him.

				PIETT
		They'll be in range of our 
		tractor beam in moments, my lord.

				VADER
		Did your men deactivate the 
		hyperdrive on the Millennium 
		Falcon?

				PIETT
		Yes, my lord.

				VADER
		Good.  Prepare the boarding party 
		and set your weapons for stun.

				PIETT
		Yes, my lord.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON

Beeping while he works, Artoo is busy connecting some wires to Threepio 
who now has one leg attached. 

Chewie enters through the doorway, grunting to himself.

				THREEPIO
		Noisy brute.  Why don't we just 
		go into light-speed?

Artoo beeps in response.

				THREEPIO
		We can't?  How would you know the 
		hyperdrive is deactivated?

Artoo whistles knowingly.

				THREEPIO
		The city's central computer told 
		you?  Artoo-Detoo, you know better 
		than to trust a strange computer.
		Ouch!  Pay attention to what 
		you're doing!

Chewie is in the pit.  He is trying to loosen something with an 
enormous wrench.  Frustrated, he uses the wrench like a club and hits 
the panel...

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Leia and Lando, seated in front of the control panel, are suddenly 
sprayed by a shower of sparks.

INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

Vader stands on the bridge, watching as the Millennium Falcon is chased 
by the TIE fighters.  As his Destroyer draws nearer, Vader's breathing 
gets slightly faster.

				VADER
		Luke.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SLEEPING QUARTERS

Luke realizes that Vader's ship is very near.  He feels resigned to his 
fate.  He senses that he is beaten, more emotionally than physically.

				LUKE
		Father.

INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

				VADER
		Son, come with me.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - SLEEPING QUARTERS

				LUKE
			(moaning)
		Ben, why didn't you tell me?

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando and Leia are at the controls of the Falcon.  Meanwhile, in the 
ship's hold, Chewie continues to work frantically on the hyperdrive 
mechanism.

				LANDO
			(into intercom)
		Chewie!

EXT. SPACE

The Falcon races through space followed very closely by the TIE 
fighters and the huge Imperial Star Destroyer.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Luke enters the cockpit and looks out the window.  He is almost 
unconscious with pain and depression.

				LUKE
		It's Vader.

INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

				VADER
		Luke... it is your destiny.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

				LUKE
		Ben, why didn't you tell me?

INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

				PIETT
		Alert all commands.  Ready for 
		the tractor beam.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD

Artoo races to a control panel and starts working on a circuit board.  
Furious, Threepio stands on one leg, yelling.

				THREEPIO
		Artoo, come back at once!  You 
		haven't finished with me yet!
		You don't know how to fix the 
		hyperdrive.  Chewbacca can do 
		it.  I'm standing here in pieces, 
		and you're having delusions of 
		grandeur!

Artoo moves a circuit on a control panel.  Suddenly, the control panel 
lights up.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Leia and Lando are thrown into their seats as the Millennium Falcon 
unexpectedly shoot into hyperspace.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - HOLD

The ship tilts up and Artoo topples into the pit on top of Chewie.

				THREEPIO
		Oh, you did it!

EXT. SPACE

The Falcon soars into infinity and away from the huge Star Destroyer 
which seems, by contrast, to stand still.

INT. VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

Admiral Piett and another captain glance at Vader in terror.  Vader 
turns slowly and walks off the bridge, his hands held behind his back 
in a contemplative gesture.

EXT. SPACE - REBEL CRUISER

The Millennium Falcon is attached to a huge Rebel cruiser by a docking 
tube.  Rebel fighters move about the giant cruiser, and a Rebel 
transport ship hovers near the fleet.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando sits in the pilot's seat as he talks into the comlink.  Chewie 
busily throws a variety of switches in preparation for takeoff.

				LANDO
			(into comlink)
		Luke, we're ready for takeoff.

				LUKE
			(over comlink)
		Good luck, Lando

				LANDO
			(into comlink)
		When we find Jabba the Hut and 
		that bounty hunter, we'll contact 
		you.

INT. STAR CRUISER - MEDICAL CENTER

Luke speaking into the comlink as a medical droid works on his hand.  
Leia stands near him while Threepio and Artoo look out the window.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		I'll meet you at the rendezvous 
		point on Tatooine.

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

				LANDO
			(into comlink)
		Princess, we'll find Han.  I 
		promise.

INT. STAR CRUISER - MEDICAL CENTER

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Chewie, I'll be waiting for your 
		signal.

Chewie's wail comes over the comlink.

				LUKE
			(into comlink)
		Take care, you two.  May the 
		Force be with you.

Luke looks down at his hand.  A metalized type of bandage has been 
wrapped around his wrist.  The medical droid makes some adjustments in 
a tiny electronic unit, then pricks each one of Luke's fingers.

				LUKE
		Ow!

Luke wriggles his fingers, makes a fist, and relaxes it.  His hand is 
completely functional.

He gets up and walks over to Leia.  There is a new bond between them, a 
new understanding.  Leia is thinking about Han; Luke is thinking about 
his uncertain and newly complicated future.  Together they stand at the 
large window of the medical center looking out on the Rebel Star 
Cruiser and a dense, luminous galaxy swirling in space.

Luke puts his arm around Leia.  The droids stand next to them, and 
Threepio moves closer to Artoo putting his arm on him.  The group 
watches as the Millennium Falcon moves into view, makes a turn, and 
zooms away into space.

EXT. SPACE - REBEL STAR CRUISER

While Luke, Leia, and the droids stand, looking out the window of the 
star cruiser, two escort fighters join the large ship.  Slowly, the 
cruiser turns and moves away into space.

								DISSOLVE TO 

EXT. GALAXY - SPACE

END CREDITS FADE IN AND OUT OVER BACKGROUND



				THE END

STAR WARS: THE FORCE AWAKENS

                         

                         

                                       Written by

                         
                      Lawrence Kasdan, J.J. Abrams & Michael Arndt

                      

                         
                       Based on characters created by George Lucas
                         

                
         

                         
          A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away...

                         

                         

                                        STAR WARS
 
                                       EPISODE VII

                                    THE FORCE AWAKENS



           Luke Skywalker has vanished. In his absence,
           the sinister FIRST ORDER has risen from the
           ashes of the Empire and will not rest until
           Skywalker, the last Jedi, has been destroyed.
           With the support of the REPUBLIC, General
           Leia Organa leads a brave RESISTANCE. She is
           desperate to find her brother Luke and gain
           his help in restoring peace and justice to
           the galaxy.

           Leia has sent her most daring pilot on a secret
           mission to Jakku, where an old ally has
           discovered a clue to Luke's whereabouts....


          PAN across the star field to a bright moon. A RUMBLING is
          FELT. A VAST STAR DESTROYER -- unlike any we have seen --
          HURTLES PAST US, of seemingly endless length, eclipsing the
          moon. After a long beat, FOUR TRANSPORT SHIPS fly from a
          hangar. We HOLD ON THEM NOW, as they fly off toward a distant
          planet. Jakku. MUSIC BUILDS AND WE...

          CUT TO BLACK.

          A GROWING ROAR of MEAN ENGINES -- gnarled RADIO CALLS, the
          SHUDDERING of a ship's hull. Then FLASHES OF LIGHT: for an
          instant we see a STORMTROOPER -- then BLACKNESS. Then ANOTHER
          STORMTROOPER, then it's gone.

          The FLICKERING CONTINUES until the LIGHTS ARE CONSTANT. We

                         ARE IN:

          INT. TROOP TRANSPORT VEHICLE - NIGHT

          TWENTY STORMTROOPERS. Holding on at attention, moving to
          the ship's rhythm, in the tense moments before a raid. A
          FILTERED COMMAND and they LOCK AND LOAD their heavy blaster
          rifles. The BRUTAL NOISE is replaced by SUDDEN, SHOCKING

                         QUIET:

          EXT. JAKKU VILLAGE - NIGHT

          WIDE SHOT of a small, peaceful village. Distant sounds of
          native animals. A single wind chime.
          Suddenly a DROID RISES INTO FRAME, CLOSE: ROUND and SKITTERY,
          orange and white, this is BB-8.
          Focuses on something past camera. He BEEPS -- FAST, MORSE
          CODE-LIKE SOUNDS, clearly worried. Moves EVEN CLOSER TO
          CAMERA -- is MORE worried -- BEEPS more -- then TURNS AND

          ROLLS OFF FAST --

          INT. LARGE HUT - NIGHT

          CLOSE ON A HAND: a small LEATHER SACK is placed in the palm.
          The hand closes. Another OLDER HAND covers it.
          In a primitive HUT, an old explorer, LOR SAN TEKKA, (rugged,
          kind) has handed the mysterious sack to POE DAMERON (32, in
          a pilot's jacket). Poe has charisma, a natural spark:

           LOR SAN TEKKA
           This will begin to make things right.
           I've traveled too far, and seen too
           much, to ignore the despair in the
           galaxy. Without the Jedi, there can
           be no balance in the Force.

                          POE
           Well, because of you now we have a
           chance. The General's been after
           this for a long time.

           LOR SAN TEKKA
           "The General." To me, she's royalty.
           Well, she certainly is that.

                          POE
          BB-8 ENTERS FRANTIC, BEEPS. Concerned, Poe turns to Lor San
          Tekka.

                          POE (CONT'D)
           We've got company.

          EXT. LARGE HUT - NIGHT

          The men exit fast. Poe moves TO CAMERA, raises QUADNOCULARS.
          POE'S POV: LIGHTS on the horizon -- approaching ENEMY SHIPS.
          POE lowers the quadnocs -- PUSH IN ON HIS UNNERVED EYES. A

          GROWING, FRIGHTENING THUNDER.

                          POE
           You have to hide.

           LOR SAN TEKKA
           You have to leave. Go!
          Poe turns to him. Conflicted. Finally nods, hurries off.
          BB-8 follows.

          EXT. JAKKU VILLAGE - NIGHT

          TRACK FAST with Poe as he and BB-8 hurry through the village,
          various ARMED VILLAGERS taking position, prepared to defend.

          EXT. JAKKU VILLAGE - NIGHT

          A ROAR of WIND and DUST: the TRANSPORTS LAND. Stormtroopers
          come out FIRING BLASTERS -- the VILLAGERS FIRE BACK -- many
          are HIT!

          EXT. RISE ADJACENT TO VILLAGE - NIGHT

          Poe runs to an X-WING fighter, parked at a distance from the
          village, hidden behind a ROCK OUTCROPPING.

                          POE
           Come on, BB-8! Hurry!
          Poe sends BB-8 into the droid socket / co-pilot seat -- he
          moves to the cockpit -- the CONTROLS COME TO LIFE. As the
          CANOPY CLOSES, Poe shoots a quick look back: the ENEMY ARRIVES

          IN THE DISTANCE.
          Poe urgently works the controls -- BB-8 BEEPS.
          The X-WING LANDING LIGHTS COME ON, ENGINES WHINE TO LIFE!
          But just then:
          Poe's ship is suddenly HIT BY BLASTERFIRE! Poe turns to
          look: two STORMTROOPERS CHARGE HIS WAY, FIRING!

                          POE (CONT'D)
           I see 'em!
          BB-8 BEEPS nervously as Poe GRABS HIS CONTROLS and FIRES AT
          THEM, using the X-wing's drop-down antipersonnel blaster!
          The two Troopers are BLOWN AWAY in the large BLAST HITS!
          Poe tries to start the ship now, but the ENGINES SPUTTER.
          Concerned, he opens his canopy, jumps down, moves to the
          back of his ship: BAD DAMAGE ON THE REAR ENGINE PANEL.
          They're in trouble.

          EXT. JAKKU VILLAGE - NIGHT

          Lor San Tekka moves sadly through the village as STORMTROOPERS
          wielding FLAME THROWERS destroy structures. Surrendering
          Villagers are ROUNDED UP. Penned ANIMALS panic.

          EXT. RISE ADJACENT TO THE VILLAGE - NIGHT

          Back at the X-wing, Poe kneels beneath his ship, pulls from
          the leather sack a SMALL, OLD ARTIFACT which he inserts into
          BB-8 -- the droid's MULTI-READER ENVELOPS it.

                          POE
           You take this. It's safer with you
           than it is with me. You get as far
           away from here as you can. Do you
           hear me?
           (BB-8 BEEPS, hesitates)
           I'll come back for you! It will be
           alright.

                         

                         
          BB-8 watches Poe run off. BEEP-WHINES nervously, then turns
          and heads off. Turns back once to look at Poe, then ROLLS
          AWAY. Poe uses his blaster rifle to fire at incoming troopers
          from cover.

          EXT. JAKKU VILLAGE - NIGHT

          The Troopers and villagers in battle -- as one Trooper is
          HIT and goes down. Another -- OUR TROOPER -- KNEELS to help.
          The hit trooper raises a torn, bloody glove -- his HUMAN
          HAND visible -- and MARKS OUR STORMTROOPER'S MASK WITH BLOOD
          just before he dies. Our Trooper, stands -- overwhelmed by
          the battle.

          AN IMPOSING SHUTTLE CRAFT -- VERTICAL WINGSPAN 90 FEET TALL --

          LANDS NEAR THE TRANSPORT VEHICLES.
          The shuttle craft door OPENS -- through the wind and smoke,
          KYLO REN exits the ship: a TALL, DARK FIGURE, he strides
          through the chaos toward San Tekka.
          A senior Trooper moves to our blood-marked Trooper, and orders

                         HIM:

                          SENIOR TROOPER
           Stay here.
          Our Trooper nods.
          Kylo Ren stops before the outraged Lor San Tekka, dwarfing
          him. Only now does it become apparent that Kylo Ren wears a
          DARK MASK, marked by battle. Inset metal lines reflect FIRE.

                          KYLO REN
           Look how old you've become.

           LOR SAN TEKKA
           Something far worse has happened to
           you.
          Our blood-marked TROOPER is placed in line with other
          stormtroopers.

                          KYLO REN
           You know what I've come for.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

          CONTINUED: LOR SAN TEKKA
           I know where you come from. Before
           you called yourself Kylo Ren.

                          KYLO REN
           The map to Skywalker. We know you've
           found it, and now you're going to
           give it to the First Order.
          Adjacent to the village, Poe enters frame -- sees the Ren/San
          Tekka exchange continue.

           LOR SAN TEKKA
           The First Order rose from the dark
           side... you did not.

                          KYLO REN
           I'll show you the dark side.

           LOR SAN TEKKA
           You may try, but you cannot deny the
           truth that is your family.
          Suddenly Kylo Ren raises his LIGHTSABER -- IGNITES IT --

          PERPENDICULAR SMALLER BLADES AT THE HILT, A UNIQUE BUZZ --

          YELLOW/RED ENERGY, SPITTING SPARKS AND SMOKE --

                          KYLO REN
           You're so right.
          And as he RIPS IT DOWN ACROSS SAN TEKKA!
          Poe, RUNNING, SEES THIS AND YELLS, AIMS HIS BLASTER AND FIRES
          AT KYLO REN! Instantly:
          Kylo Ren RAISES HIS HAND -- POE'S BLAST FREEZES -- THE BOLT

          OF ENERGY STRAINING AND VIBRATING IN MID AIR!
          Kylo Ren sees Poe, who suddenly CANNOT MOVE, but strains to.
          He is grabbed by Stormtroopers who drag him past the
          VIBRATING, FROZEN BLAST, to Kylo Ren.
          A Stormtrooper begins a brutal PAT DOWN. Kylo Ren moves
          closer. Poe just glares. The Stormtrooper KICKS OUT Poe's
          legs -- he lands hard on his knees.
          Kylo Ren kneels to look at Poe.

                          POE
           So who talks first? You talk first?

                          KYLO REN
           The old man gave it to you.

                          POE

                          (INDICATES KYLO'S

                          MASK)
           It's just very hard to understand
           you with all the...

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          KYLO REN

                          (TO TROOPERS)
           Search him.

                          POE
           ... Apparatus.
          The Troopers roughly pull Poe away. A Stormtrooper begins a
          brutal PAT DOWN. Kylo Ren moves closer.
          Poe just glares as the pat down ends.

                          STORMTROOPER #1
           Nothing, sir.

                          KYLO REN
           Put him on board.
          Kylo Ren regards the Stormtroopers with the rounded up
          Villagers, then turns to the CHROME-SKINNED, FEMALE BLACK-

          CAPED HEAD STORMTROOPER, CAPTAIN PHASMA.

                          CAPTAIN PHASMA
           Sir, the villagers.

                          KYLO REN
           Kill them all.
          Phasma nods, steps forward:

                          CAPTAIN PHASMA
           On my command!
          The Troopers, including OURS, aim at the Villagers.

           CAPTAIN PHASMA (CONT'D)
           Fire!
          Poe is roughly PULLED into a transport ship, the ramp LIFTS.
          All around our Trooper BLASTERFIRE ERUPTS -- but we're WIDE
          ENOUGH to see he ISN'T FIRING. PUSH IN until the FIRING
          STOPS. All the Stormtroopers SPREAD OUT TO SEARCH -- except
          ours.
          Kylo Ren heads back toward his ship. But then he STOPS.
          Feels something. TURNS AND LOOKS AT OUR STORMTROOPER for a
          LONG MOMENT. Our Trooper can barely meet his gaze; knows
          he's doomed.
          Kylo Ren then heads off -- passes the FROZEN BLAST, which,
          after a beat, GOES FREE AND SLAMS INTO A NEARBY STRUCTURE,
          scaring the hell out of our Stormtrooper.

          EXT. EDGE OF JAKKU VILLAGE - NIGHT

          A Stormtrooper climbs down from the cockpit of Poe's X-wing,

                         BACKS AWAY:

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          STORMTROOPER #2
           Nothing here. Go ahead!
          Three other Stormtroopers FIRE LASER CANNONS at the X-wing --
          destroying the ship in a LARGE EXPLOSION.

          EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF JAKKU VILLAGE - NIGHT

          BB-8 rolls across the sand, looks back: the X-wing FIREBALL.
          BB-8, afraid, continues on his own in a mysterious, dark
          desert. We see a FORM -- an animal, its RED EYES LIFTING
          from the sand, watching the rolling droid, who just keeps
          going.
          In a WIDE SHOT, we HEAR HIM BEEPING to himself, lonely and
          frightened.

          EXT. SPACE - NIGHT

          With the SANDY PLANET OF JAKKU as backdrop, Troop Transports
          and Kylo Ren's Shuttle approach a massive STAR DESTROYER.

          INT. STAR DESTROYER HANGAR - NIGHT

          Poe, shackled, is ushered from the transport through the
          hangar. He is awed by the imposing space.

                          POE
           All right. All right!
          Our Stormtrooper passes, moves fast:

          INT. TROOP TRANSPORT VEHICLE - NIGHT

          Our Stormtrooper enters the dark, vehicle. He removes his
          helmet. His head comes up and we PUSH IN ON HIS FACE FOR
          THE FIRST TIME. This is FN-2187. He is 23, likable. But
          in this moment, terrified, desperate.
          After a beat, behind him, CAPTAIN PHASMA enters. FN-2187
          knows he's in trouble.

                          CAPTAIN PHASMA
           FN-2187. Submit your blaster for
           inspection.

                          FN-2187
           Yes, Captain.

                          CAPTAIN PHASMA
           And who gave you permission to remove
           that helmet?

                          FN-2187
           I'm sorry, Captain.

                          CAPTAIN PHASMA
           Report to my division at once.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          Phasma heads off. Shattered, FN-2187 replaces his helmet.

                          CUT TO:

          INT. JUNKED VESSEL CORRIDOR - DAY

          A metal sheet is pulled open to reveal the wrapped up face
          of A SCAVENGER, perhaps alien, in GOGGLES, FACE MASK and
          GLOVES. Backpack with a STAFF strapped to it. Uses TOOLS
          to remove various MECHANISMS from inside the wall. We are
          in an upside-down, canted CORRIDOR. The Scavenger finds a
          valuable piece, drops it in a SATCHEL.
          Swings the bag back and begins CLIMBING DOWN on a cable,
          between treacherous WALLS OF MACHINERY, headed to:

          INT. JUNKED VESSEL - LARGER SPACE - LATER

          Alone and tiny in this massive, sideways wreck, the Scavenger
          descends, climbing down a two-hundred foot-long cable. LANDS
          HARD onto rusty metal.

          INT. JUNKED VESSEL - ENGINES - DAY

          The Scavenger carries the satchel and another large, found
          piece, over enormous pipes in the vast space, heads through
          the dust toward a distant SLIT OF SUNLIGHT.

          EXT. JUNKED VESSEL ENGINE - DAY

          The Scavenger arrives from the darkness and pulls off goggles
          and gear, revealing the grimy face of a beautiful, young
          WOMAN. This is REY, 19.
          She opens her canteen, shakes out the two final drops into
          her mouth. HITS THE SIDE of the canteen again and again for
          whatever she can get. CUT WIDE:
          Rey is rendered minuscule, standing at the bottom of an EPIC

          ENGINE OF A DECAYING, CRASHED STAR DESTROYER -- DISTANT SOUND
          of her canteen-hitting. She sets her things on a piece of
          sheet metal and sits next to it, sliding down the sand dune.
          She RIDES DOWN THE MOUNTAIN OF SAND. WE HOLD FOR A LONG
          TIME, looking down, as she recedes from us, toward the distant
          SALT FLATS below. Random SCATTERED DEBRIS. Her SPEEDER,
          tiny from here.
          Rey moves to her junker SPEEDER, jumps on, fires the sputtery
          engine and DRIVES OFF.

          EXT. DESERT - SPACESHIP GRAVEYARD - DAY

          Rey races along the desert floor: a GRAVEYARD OF CRASHED

          SPACESHIPS.

          EXT. NIIMA OUTPOST - DAY

          Rey's speeder PASSES us, heading for a dusty, desert town.
          Refueling, small trade, scavengers.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          CRASH! Rey's sack carrying her heavy FOUND OBJECTS hits the
          sand. Working like a tough seaman, Rey hauls the sack from
          her speeder toward the town.

          EXT. NIIMA OUTPOST - CLEANING TABLE - DAY

          TIGHT ON REY'S HANDS as she SCRUBS CLEAN her day's salvage.
          Rey glances up: she looks at an old woman, also cleaning
          some salvage.
          Rey watches her, gets lost in the simple moment. A small,
          passing alien UNDERLING barks something to her in another
          language. She returns to work.

          INT. NIIMA TRADING STRUCTURE - DAY

          Rey looks up to a SERVICE WINDOW: two feet above her, behind
          a protective screen, is her boss, UNKAR PLUTT (50, blobfish,
          unclean). He examines her pieces. Then he offers:

                          UNKAR
           What you've brought me today is
           worth... Hmmm... One quarter
           portion.
          Though disappointed, Rey barely shows it. She nods thanks.
          Unkar pushes through his transfer drawer a SEALED PACKET:
          DRIED GREEN MEAT in one section, BEIGE POWDER in another.
          She takes it.
          She swallows her resentment and heads off.

          EXT. NIIMA OUTPOST - DAY

          The IMMENSE SETTING SUN against the FLAT TERRAIN. Rey's
          SPEEDER races, almost insignificant, across frame.

          INT. REY'S DWELLING - DAY

          She SCRATCHES MARKS into the rusty wall. Another MARK;
          another DAY. And there are THOUSANDS of marks.
          A SIZZLING SOUND over: A DRIED DESERT FLOWER in a rusty ENGINE
          PIECE. A rough, stuffed HANDMADE DOLL, made from what looks
          like orange Rebellion flight suit material and twine.
          Rey's lonely, ramshackle dwelling. Everything reclaimed.
          She cooks for one. Does everything for one. She opens the
          POWDER, moves to the makeshift WOK, where the GREEN MEAT
          SIZZLES. Pours the powder into milky WATER in a tin. Stirs
          it. It GROWS INTO A LOAF as she puts the meat on an old
          plate. Grabs the loaf.

          EXT. REY'S DWELLING - DUSK

          Rey sits, eats like a starving child. Every last drop.
          Licks the metal plate. Looks out at the horizon. A single
          silent ship heads off, a shimmering, thin contrail. She
          wipes her mouth. Picks up an old, broken REBELLION HELMET.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)
          CONTINUED: just 'cause.
          Puts it on,
          WIDE SHOT of Rey sitting, alone and isolated, on the leg of
          an ANCIENT, FALLEN AT-AT in which she lives.
          Then, a distant ELECTRONIC SQUEAL -- instantly she's up,
          helmet too big, she rips it off. Hears ANOTHER BEEPING
          SQUEAL. She hurries to her QUARTERSTAFF and runs off.
          Rey climbs a dune. RISE WITH HER, revealing BB-8, caught in
          a NET but fighting back, being held by a TEEDO (a small,
          brutish desert tyrant), who rides a LUGGABEAST. The teedo
          YELLS at BB-8, who BEEPS madly, struggling to free himself.
          Rey watches this injustice for a beat, finally YELLING OUT:

                          REY
           Tal'ama parqual!
          The Teedo and BB-8 STOP, GO SILENT, turn to her.

                          REY (CONT'D)
           Parqual zatana!
          A half beat and the Teedo YELLS SOMETHING BACK, threatening.
          BB-8's head swivels to him, then back to Rey, like watching
          a tennis match.
          Rey angrily moves to them, pulling a knife from her pouch.
          Rey starts CUTTING BB-8 out of the netting. The Teedo freaks
          out, YELLING. Rey suddenly stands, turns to the Teedo and
          says, fiercely:

                          REY (CONT'D)

           NOMA.
          The Teedo barks a sort of "AHHHHH!" (As if to say, "GO TO
          HELL!"), Then heads off on his beast. This prompts BB-8 to
          start BEEP-YELLING at the departing bully, provocatively.

                          REY (CONT'D)
           Shhhh.
          BB-8 quiets instantly. The two watch the Teedo head off.
          Finally, BB-8 BEEPS a question. She KNEELS to him.

                          REY (CONT'D)
           That's just Teedo. Wants you for
           parts. He has no respect for anyone.
           Your antenna's bent.
           (considers BB-8 for
           the first time,

                          STRAIGHTENS THE

                          ANTENNA)
           Where do you come from?

                          (BB-8 BEEPS)
           Classified. Really? Me too. Big
           secret.
           (points to horizon)
           Niima Outpost is that way, stay off
           Kelvin Ridge.

                          (MORE)

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          REY (CONT'D)
           Keep away from the Sinking Fields in
           the north, you'll drown in the sand.
           (stands, heads off)

                         
          BB-8 starts after her, BEEPS. She turns sharply, he stops.

                         

                         

                          REY (CONT'D)
           Don't follow me. Town is that way.
           (he BEEPS again)
           No!
          She heads off again. Finally he BEEPS to her -- something
          SWEET this time. That he is alone, scared, has no one else.
          This makes her stop. She turns and looks at him. Not liking
          him. But a gesture of her head says, reluctantly, "Come
          on." BB-8 quickly moves to her. They head off together.

                          REY (CONT'D)
           In the morning, you go.

                          (HE BEEPS)
           You're welcome.
          The two disappear behind a dune.

          EXT. STAR DESTROYER - DAY

          Three TIE fighters head to the massive ship high above Jakku.

          INT. STAR DESTROYER HOLDING CELL - DAY

          POE, shackled to a chair, BEATEN, wakes up.

                          KYLO REN
           I had no idea we had the best pilot
           in the Resistance on board.
           Comfortable?
          Through battered lips:

                          POE
           Not really.

                          KYLO REN
           I'm impressed. No one has been able
           to get out of you what you did with
           the map.

                          POE
           Might wanna rethink your technique.
          Kylo Ren says nothing, reaches out to him. Poe flinches in
          the chair as Kylo Ren reaches for his face, not touching
          him. Poe is soon in agony, remains in horrible silence --

                          KYLO REN
           Where is it?

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          POE
           The Resistance will not be intimidated
           by you.

                          KYLO REN
           Where... is it?
          Poe can't take it -- he BEGINS TO SCREAM and we CUT TO:

          INT. STAR DESTROYER CORRIDOR - DAY

          WHOOOSH! The cell door SLIDES UP. Kylo Ren exits, fierce,
          confronts GENERAL HUX (34, scary) who awaits him:

                          KYLO REN
           It's in a droid. A BB unit.

                          GENERAL HUX
           Well then. If it's on Jakku, we'll
           soon have it.

                          KYLO REN
           I leave that to you.

          EXT. NIIMA OUTPOST - DAY

          BB-8 is dropped to the sand.

                          REY
           Don't give up. He still might show
           up. Whoever it is you're waiting
           for. Classified. I know all about
           waiting.
          BB-8 BEEPTALKS a question.

                          REY (CONT'D)
           For my family. They'll be back.
           One day. Come on.
          She tries to force a smile, but can't, really. She heads
          off. BB-8 BEEPS... then heads after her.

          INT. NIIMA TRADING STRUCTURE - DAY

          Rey stands with BB-8 in front of Unkar Plutt, at his window.
          He reviews her goods. He glances quickly at BB-8.

                          UNKAR
           These five pieces are worth... Let
           me see here... One half portion.

                          REY

                          (OBJECTS)
           Last week they were a half portion
           each.
          She hates him. He leans forward.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          UNKAR
           What about the droid?

                          REY
           What about him?

                          UNKAR
           I'll pay for him.
          BB-8 doesn't like this at all. Rey is awkward, but curious.

                          UNKAR (CONT'D)
           Sixty portions.
          CLOSE ON HER. Stunned. Literally hungry for this amount of
          food, her stomach practically rumbles.
          BB-8 sees her interest and BEEPS furiously, not liking this
          conversation at all.
          She looks at Unkar. Looks down at BB-8. Considers it all.
          Finally, she hears herself say:

                          REY
           Actually... the droid's not for sale.

                          (TO BB-8)
           Come on.
          Unkar furious. Rey, then BB-8, head out. Recovering, Unkar
          watches her go with dark eyes. He picks up a communicator:

                          UNKAR
           Follow the girl and get that droid.
          He SLAMS the service window door SHUT.

          INT. STAR DESTROYER HOLDING CELL - DAY

          The cell door WHOOSHES OPEN -- a STORMTROOPER enters. Poe
          remains shackled, worse for wear. A TROOPER GUARD here.

                          STORMTROOPER
           Ren wants the prisoner.
          TIGHT ON POE, in pain, drained, as the Guard unshackles him.

          INT. STAR DESTROYER CORRIDOR - DAY

          An exhausted, handcuffed Poe is walked down the corridor by
          the Stormtrooper, who holds a blaster at Poe's body.

                          STORMTROOPER
           Turn here.
          Poe turns into a narrow passageway --

          INT. STAR DESTROYER NARROW PASSAGEWAY - DAY

          Heading down the narrow hall the Stormtrooper stops Poe.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          STORMTROOPER
           Listen carefully: you do exactly as
           I say, I can get you out of here.

                          POE

                          (COMING TO)
           If -- what--?
          The Stormtrooper pulls off his helmet: IT IS FN-2187.

                          FN-2187
           This is a rescue, I'm helping you
           escape. Can you fly a TIE fighter?

                          POE
           You with the Resistance--?!

                          FN-2187
           What?

                          (THAT'S CRAZY)
           No no no! I'm breaking you out.
           Can you fly a TIE fighter?

                          POE
           I can fly anything. Why, why are
           you helping me?

                          FN-2187
           Because it's the right thing to do.

                          POE
           (it hits him)
           You need a pilot.

                          FN-2187
           I need a pilot.
          And Poe, seeing this is for real, smiles a hero's smile.

                          POE
           We're gonna do this.

                          FN-2187
           (unsure but hopeful)
           ... Yeah?

          INT. STAR DESTROYER HANGAR - DAY

          WIDE SHOT ESTABLISHING the hangar. Find FN-2187, again
          masked, walking with Poe. By all appearances he's escorting
          a prisoner. A group of OFFICERS passes in the opposite
          direction.

                          FN-2187
           Okay, stay calm, stay calm.

                          POE
           I am calm.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          FN-2187
           I'm talking to myself.

                          (BEAT)
           Not yet. Okay, go. This way.
          FN-2187 walks quickly toward the far wall -- Poe follows --
          up the stairs to a two-man SPECIAL FORCES TIE FIGHTER --

          INT. TIE FIGHTER - DAY

          FN-2187 and Poe (wincing, sore) drop into the back-to-back
          cockpit. FN-2187 pulls off his helmet as Poe removes his
          cuffs and jacket, fires up the ship with excitement.

                          POE
           I always wanted to fly one of these
           things. Can ya shoot?

                          FN-2187
           Blasters, I can!

                          POE
           Okay, same principal! Use the toggle
           on the left to switch between
           missiles, cannons, and mag pulse --
           use the site on the right to aim,
           triggers to fire!

                          FN-2187
           This is very complicated
          FWOOOOOOM! The TIE FIGHTER LURCHES FORWARD --

                          POE
           I can fix this.

          INT. HANGAR SIX CONTROL ROOM - DAY

          WIDE: see the ship STRUGGLE TO RISE, CABLES connected to it --
          PULL BACK FAST to REVEAL we're inside the main control room.

           STAR DESTROYER TECHNICIAN
           We have an unsanctioned departure
           from bay two.
          WHIP TO a FIRST ORDER COLONEL, who responds:

           FIRST ORDER COLONEL
           Alert General Hux and stop that
           fighter.

          INT. STAR DESTROYER HANGAR - DAY

          The TIE Fighter LIFTS OFF from the bay, rips CHARGING cables!
          Stormtroopers UNPACK and aim MEGABLASTERS.

          INT. TIE FIGHTER - DAY

          FN-2187 opens fire.

          INT. STAR DESTROYER HANGAR - DAY

          FN-2187 TEARS UP PARKED TIE FIGHTERS and GUN EMPLACEMENTS
          WITH WELL-AIMED, STRATEGIC LASER BLASTS! Hits the CONTROL

          ROOM!

          INT. HANGAR SIX CONTROL ROOM - DAY


          THE WINDOWS ARE BLOWN IN BY LASER BLASTS!

          INT. TIE FIGHTER COCKPIT - DAY


                          POE
           I got it!

          EXT. STAR DESTROYER - DAY

          The TIE Fighter blasts from the ship --

          INT. TIE FIGHTER - DAY

          Poe pilots -- amazed, almost enjoying it.

                          POE
           Woooahhh! This thing really moves.
           All right, we gotta take out as many
           cannons as we can or we're not gonna
           get very far!

                          FN-2187
           All right!

                          POE
           I'm gonna get us in position, just
           stay sharp!

          EXT. STAR DESTROYER - DAY

          The TIE Fighter ARCS BACK, DIVES THROUGH THE OPENING BETWEEN
          THE LEVELS OF THE MASSIVE SHIP, then FLIES DOWN AND BACK,
          along the ship's belly --

          INT. TIE FIGHTER - DAY

          Poe flies toward the CANONS --

                          POE
           Up ahead! Up ahead! You see it?
           I've got us dead centered. It's a
           clean shot.

                          FN-2187
           Okay, got it.
          FN-2187 gets a target, FIRES!

          EXT. STAR DESTROYER - DAY

          LASERS BLAST from the TIE Fighter -- A SERIES OF CANNONS
          EXPLODE! Our TIE Fighter SLICES THROUGH the debris!

          INT. TIE FIGHTER - DAY

          FN-2187 YELLS in celebration:

                          FN-2187
           YES! You see that?! DID YOU SEE

           THAT?

                          POE
           I saw it! Hey, what's your name?

                          FN-2187

           FN-2187!
          Poe reacts, this tells him volumes about FN-2187's history.

                          POE
           FN-whaa?

                          FN-2187
           That's the only name they ever gave
           me!

                          POE
           Well I ain't using it! FN, huh?
           Finn. I'm gonna call you Finn!
           That all right?
          Even in the madness, Finn can't suppress his smile.

                          FINN
           "Finn." Yeah, "Finn", I like that!
           I like that!

                          POE
           I'm Poe. Poe Dameron.

                          FINN
           Good to meet you, Poe!

                          POE
           Good to meet you too, Finn!

          INT. STAR DESTROYER MAIN BRIDGE - DAY

          General Hux looks over the shoulder of LIEUTENANT MITAKA, at
          a console.

                          LIEUTENANT MITAKA
           Sir, they've taken out our turbolasers--

                          GENERAL HUX
           Use the ventral cannons.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          LIEUTENANT MITAKA
           Yes, sir. Bringing them online --

           KYLO REN (O.S.)
           General Hux. Is it the Resistance
           pilot?
          Hux turns: Kylo Ren enters fast, looms large, angry.

                          GENERAL HUX
           Yes, and he had help.

                          (VEXED)
           From one of our own.
          PUSH IN ON REN as Hux says:

           GENERAL HUX (CONT'D)
           We're checking the registers now to
           identify which Stormtrooper it was.

                          KYLO REN
           ... The one from the village. FN-

           2187.
          Hux is unnerved that Ren knows -- he chalks it up to Ren's
          Force ability. Kylo Ren heads off.

                          LIEUTENANT MITAKA
           Sir. Ventral cannons hot.

                          GENERAL HUX
           Fire.

          EXT. STAR DESTROYER - DAY

          Massive WARHEAD LAUNCHERS SPIN and FIRE BLASTS toward the
          TIE fighter, which flies EVASIVE MANEUVERS -- most blasts
          hit the DEBRIS from the TURBOLASER DESTRUCTION.
          The TIE fighter then PULLS A BIG TURN, BACK TOWARD JAKKU,

          THE SANDY PLANET WHERE POE LEFT BB-8.

          INT. TIE FIGHTER - DAY


                          POE
           One's coming towards you. My right,
           your left. Do you see it?

                          FINN
           Hold on! I see it!

                          POE
           Nice shot.
          Finn looks up suddenly in alarm --

                          FINN
           Where are you going?

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          POE
           We're going back to Jakku. That's
           where.

                          FINN
           No no no! We can't go back to Jakku!
           We need to get outta this system!
          NEAR-MISS LASER BLASTS as Poe pilots aggressively.

                          POE
           I got to get to my droid before the
           First Order does!

                          FINN
           What - a droid?!

                          POE
           That's right. He's a BB unit! Orange
           and white: one of a kind.

                          FINN
           I don't care what color he is! No
           droid can be that important!

                          POE
           This one is, pal.

                          FINN
           We need to get as far away from the
           First Order as we can! We go back
           to Jakku, we die!

                          POE
           That droid's got a map that leads
           straight to Luke Skywalker!

                          FINN
           Oh, you gotta be kidding me!!! I--
          Suddenly BAM! THEY ARE HIT!

          EXT. TIE FIGHTER - DAY

          The TIE FIGHTER SPARKS AND SMOKES, SPIRALING out of control
          toward the surface of Jakku!

          INT. STAR DESTROYER MAIN BRIDGE - DAY

          Captain Phasma and General Hux stand before a holographic
          projection detailing FN-2187's service records.

                          CAPTAIN PHASMA
           FN-2187 reported to my division, was
           evaluated and sent to Reconditioning.

                          GENERAL HUX
           No prior signs of non-conformity?

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          CAPTAIN PHASMA
           This was his first offense.
          A technician checks her readings, reports to General Hux.

                          TECHNICIAN #1
           General. They've been hit.

                          GENERAL HUX
           Destroyed?

                          TECHNICIAN #1

                          (GETTING READINGS)
           Disabled. They were headed back to
           Jakku -- the fighter's projected to
           crash in the Goazon badlands.

                          GENERAL HUX
           They were going back for the droid --
           send a squad to the wreckage.

          EXT. JAKKU DESERT - DAY

          TIGHT ON FINN'S FACE: His EYES OPEN. He goes from unconscious
          to terrified, fast. He sits up, looks around. CUT BACK
          WIDE: he sits in the middle of an EPIC DESERT, DUNES FOREVER.
          A BLACK CHUTE blows in the wind behind him, scattered debris.
          Then he sees, over distant dunes, RISING BLACK SMOKE. He
          gets up -- moves toward it, calling out:

                          FINN
           Poe! Poe!
          Finn scrambles over the massive dune to the TIE FIGHTER,
          SMOKING AND ON FIRE, small debris around it. He thinks he
          sees POE'S ARM -- he pulls on it, but it's JUST POE'S JACKET.
          He throws that off and tries to find a way in -- even a way
          to LOOK INSIDE, but the smoke and heat make it impossible.

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           Poe!!! POE!
          Suddenly the ship BEGINS TO SINK -- like it's being CONSUMED
          INTO QUICKSAND -- Finn is slipping in too --

                          FINN (CONT'D)

           POE!!! POE!!!
          It becomes clear fast: if Finn doesn't get away, he's gonna
          get sucked in too! So Finn scampers away from the TIE FIGHTER
          as it SINKS INTO THE SAND! We're in the Sinking Fields. A
          few moments and IT'S GONE.
          Finn's out of breath. Horrified. Then A GIANT EXPLOSION
          ERUPTS FROM below, SENDING SAND AND DEBRIS EVERYWHERE!
          Finn sees this, disoriented, scared, exhausted and defeated.
          And all alone.

          EXT. DESERT - DAY

          ENDLESS DUNES BEHIND HIM, Finn walks, removing pieces of his
          Stormtrooper gear, using Poe's FLIGHT JACKET for shade.

          EXT. DESERT - DAY

          Exhausted, Finn continues his trek across the endless, sandy
          nothingness.

          EXT. DESERT - DAY

          Finn, parched and losing hope, he walks to the edge of a
          massive dune, looks out into the epic valley below. Miles
          ahead: NIIMA OUTPOST.

          INT. STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE - DAY

          General Hux and Kylo Ren walk the length of the bridge.

                          GENERAL HUX
           Supreme Leader Snoke was explicit.
           Capture the droid if we can, but
           destroy it if we must.

                          KYLO REN
           How capable are your soldiers,
           General?

                          GENERAL HUX

                          (WITH VITRIOL)
           I won't have you question my methods.

                          KYLO REN
           They're obviously skilled at
           committing high treason. Perhaps
           Leader Snoke should consider using a
           clone army.

                          GENERAL HUX

                          (YOU SON-OF-A-BITCH)
           My men are exceptionally trained --
           programmed from birth--

                          KYLO REN
           Then they should have no problem
           retrieving the droid. Unharmed.

                          GENERAL HUX
           Careful, Ren. That your "personal
           interests" not interfere with orders
           from Leader Snoke.

                          KYLO REN
           I want that map. For your sake, I
           suggest you get it.
          Ren heads off. Hux hates him.

          EXT. NIIMA OUTPOST - DAY

          Sun-scorched and exhausted, Finn stumbles out of the desert
          into the Outpost. In a heatstroke daze he moves past enormous
          old SHIP PARTS, MERCHANTS, SCAVENGERS and TENTED STALLS.

                          FINN
           Water... water... water..
          He sees a WATER TROUGH where a filthy, slobbering hippo-like
          creature (a HAPPABORE) DRINKS. Finn moves to it, uses his
          hands to desperately DRINK the filthy water. After a couple
          swallows he SPITS IT OUT, disgusted.

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           -- Awgh, GAH!
          But he's parched and immediately RETURNS FOR MORE.
          ACROSS THE MARKETPLACE, REY kneels with an emphatically

          BEEPING BB-8.
          Just then, TWO of UNKAR'S THUGS approach and stop her. One
          clearly tells her that they're taking the droid. BB-8 reacts
          nervously as Rey resists them -- one pulls a SACK over BB-8
          while the other grabs Rey's arm -- in the tussle, Rey KNOCKS
          OVER METAL URNS for sale --
          Finn, still drinking, is PUSHED OVER by the happabore. He
          falls to the ground, then turns to look when he HEARS
          CRASHING. He sees, through the tents, REY FIGHTING.
          He moves UP CLOSER to help this young woman being accosted --
          but he STOPS when Rey begins to FIGHT BACK -- scrappy and
          feral, she KICKS, BITES and HITS. Finn is taken aback as
          she DEFEATS the attackers, who hit the sand, hard.
          Finn just watches, stunned.
          Rey moves to the COVERED BB-8 -- PULLS THE SACK OFF OF HIM.
          Finn cannot believe his eyes. IT'S POE'S DROID!
          Rey talks to BB-8, who, nervous now, looks around and...
          SEES FINN! BB-8 STARTS BEEPING like crazy. Then something
          insane happens: REY LOOKS AT FINN.

                          REY
           (To BB-8) Who? Him?
          Finn is confused. Rey stands, staring at Finn, defiant.
          Finn can feel trouble coming -- and Rey begins CHARGING AT
          HIM, quarterstaff in hand.
          Realizing he's the target, Finn begins to RUN -- away from
          her, through the tent marketplace. Rey goes after him -- he
          turns a corner -- then another -- then BAM! She's got
          ahead of him and SLAMS HIM TO THE GROUND WITH HER STAFF!
          Finn is on his back, out of breath and freaked out. She
          holds the staff on him threateningly:

                          REY
           What's your hurry, thief?

                          FINN
           What--?! Thief?
          BB-8 ROLLS UP FAST, MOVES TO FINN -- a WELDING ARM TELESCOPES

          FROM HIS BODY AND SHOCKS FINN!

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           OW! HEY! What?!

                          REY
           The jacket! This droid says you
           stole it!

                          FINN
           I've had a pretty messed up day,
           alright?! So I'd appreciate it you
           stop accusing me -- OW!!!
           (BB-8 has ZAPPED him

                          AGAIN)

           STOP IT!

                          REY
           Where'd you get it? It belongs to
           his master.
          Finn looks at her -- then the agitated droid, Finn's mind
          racing. He puts it all together. Frustrated, but sighs
          heavily, needing to respond somehow. So he makes a hard
          decision: to tell the truth.

                          FINN
           It belonged to Poe Dameron. That
           was his name, right?
          Rey and BB-8 react, surprised and wanting more.

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           He was captured... by the First Order!
           I helped him escape but our ship
           crashed.

                          (RELIVING IT)
           Poe didn't make it.
           (sees BB-8 is sad,

                          ROLLS OFF)
           Look, I tried to help him. I'm
           sorry...
          BB-8 heads off to the side, depressed. Rey watches BB-8,
          then considers Finn again. Says, a bit impressed:

                          REY
           So you're with the Resistance?

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          Finn's mind races again. He makes an easy decision: to lie.

                          FINN
           Obviously. Yes. I am. I'm with
           the Resistance, yeah.

                          (WHISPERS)
           I'm with the Resistance.
          Rey lowers her staff, Finn stands. Rey studies him:

                          REY
           I've never met a Resistance fighter
           before.

                          FINN
           Well, this is what we look like.
           Some of us. Others look different.

                          REY
           BB-8 says he's on a secret mission,
           he has to get back to your base.

                          FINN
           Apparently he's carrying a map that
           leads to Luke Skywalker, and
           everyone's after it.
          She turns to him, concerned, curious. And asks:

                          REY
           Luke Skywalker? I thought he was a
           myth.
          Just then BB-8 BEEPS MADLY at something he sees.

                          REY (CONT'D)
           What is it?
          Rey moves to him, peeks around a tent corner. Now Finn moves
          to see: at a distance, TWO STORMTROOPERS TALKING TO UNKAR'S
          THUGS -- who POINT THEIR WAY!
          Finn urgently grabs her hand and heads for the tents:

                          REY (CONT'D)
           (re: her hand)
           What are you doing?!

                          FINN
           Come on!
          Suddenly LASER BLASTS RIP PAST THEM, HIT THE CLEANING UNIT,
          SPEWING STEAM! Rey SCREAMS -- MORE BLASTS as they run!

          EXT. NIIMA OUTPOST - DAY

          Finn and Rey holding hands, the three race, ZIGZAGGING through
          a maze of tents:

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          FINN
           Come on, BB-8!

                          REY
           Let go of me!

                          FINN
           No, we gotta move!

                          REY
           (pulls her hand back)
           I know how to run without you holding
           my hand! BB-8 stay close! This
           way!
          Now Finn and BB-8 follow Rey -- ANOTHER BLAST just missing
          them! They disappear through a tent.
          TRACK FAST WITH STORMTROOPERS, through the tent maze. They
          come out of a tent, HAVING MOMENTARILY LOST THEIR TARGET.

                          STORMTROOPER
           Call in the air strike!
          REY, FINN AND BB-8 duck into another tent:

          INT. NIIMA OUTPOST - TENT - DAY

          Rey, Finn and BB-8 move through RUSTY WARES and take cover.
          Quiet, urgent:

                          REY
           They're shooting at both of us!

                          FINN
           Yeah, they saw you with me! You're
           marked!

                          REY
           Well, thanks for that!

                          FINN
           I'm not the one who chased you down
           with a stick! Does anyone have
           blasters around here?!

                          REY

                          (TO BB-8)
           Are you okay?
          Finn QUIETS HER WITH A GESTURE, HEARING SOMETHING.
          PUSH IN ON FINN -- whatever he hears alarms him greatly --
          he GRABS HER HAND AGAIN -- PULLS HER AWAY --

                          REY (CONT'D)
           Stop taking my hand!

          EXT. NIIMA OUTPOST - TENT - DAY

          Finn pulls Rey from the tent -- BB-8 FOLLOWS --
          As they race from the tent a TIE FIGHTER SCREAMS INTO VIEW

          FROM BEHIND THE TENTS! A SECOND FOLLOWS CLOSE BEHIND. IT

          FIRES AT THEM -- A MASSIVE BLAST SENDS REY AND FINN FLYING --

          BB-8 ROLLING!

                         

                         
          WIDE SHOT: TWO TIE FIGHTERS SCREAM OVER the town, the
          EXPLOSION throws sand and debris fifty feet into the air.
          Rey is thrown HARD to the ground -- she is rattled, truly
          afraid. Then she turns: FINN lies nearby, unconscious.
          Suddenly afraid, she scrambles to him, rolls him over. BB-8
          ROLLS OVER, BEEPING in concern.

                          REY
           Hey!
          As Finn comes to, he sees her. Through his fog:

                          FINN
           -- Are you okay?
          And that very question touches her -- having never in her
          life been asked it.

                          REY
           Yeah.
           (extends her hand)
           Follow me.
          Grateful, Finn takes it. They're off.
          LOCALS run amok as TIE fighters DIVE BOMB. REY, Finn and BB-

          8 SPRINT, BLASTER EXPLOSIONS GET CLOSER AND CLOSER!

          EXT. NIIMA OUTPOST - SPACEPORT - DAY

          Rey, STAFF strapped to her back, leads the way as she, Finn
          and BB-8 race into the spaceport. Finn glances back: TWO
          TIE FIGHTERS BANK their return. They YELL:

                          FINN
           We can't outrun them!
          Rey POINTS to a parked, four-engine SHIP ahead:

                          REY
           We might in that quad-jumper!

                          FINN
           We need a pilot!

                          REY
           We've got one!

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          FINN
           You?!
           (then, indicates one

                          OFF-CAMERA)
           What about that ship?

                          REY
           That one's garbage!
          They run for the JUMPER but the passing TIE FIGHTERS FIRE AT
          IT, BLOWING IT APART IN A HUGE FLAME BALL! Rey, coming to a
          quick stop, RIGHT UP TO CAMERA:

                          REY (CONT'D)
           The garbage'll do!
          She turns and runs back -- Finn and BB-8 follow as they all
          run toward the piece of junk -- and we see it for the first
          time: THE MILLENNIUM FALCON!
          TIE fighters BANK AROUND AGAIN. Finn, Rey and BB-8 run up
          the ramp of the semi-tarped Falcon.

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - DAY

          Finn, Rey and BB-8 enter the ship -- she hits a control and
          the door DESCENDS CLOSED as she races to the cockpit:

                          REY
           Gunner position's down there!

                          FINN

                          (CLIMBS DOWN)
           Y'ever fly this thing?

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY

          Rey tosses her staff aside, jumps into the pilot's seat,
          frantically flips switches. BB-8 rolls in behind her as the
          ENGINES WHINE to life:

                          REY
           No! This ship hasn't been flown in
           years!

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNNER POSITION - DAY

          Finn buckles into the gunner seat -- to his shock the SEAT
          WHIPS TO THE LEFT, startling him -- he grabs the controls to
          steady himself.

                          FINN
           Great.
           (reacts to seat)
           Whoa! I can do this, I can do this--

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY

          Rey bucks herself up. Doesn't believe her quick words:

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          REY
           I can do this, I can do this--
          Rey pulls the yoke:

          THE FALCON ENGINES LIGHT UP BRIGHT!

          EXT. NIIMA OUTPOST - SPACEPORT - DAY

          The FALCON RISES, WILDLY -- ITS TARPS FLY OFF -- THE SHIP

          SPINS AND TILTS, SLAMS INTO AND CRUMBLES THE TOWN'S ARCHWAY!
          From the tents, Unkar Plutt runs out, SCREAMS:

                          UNKAR

           HEY!!!! THAT'S MIIIIIIINE!!!
          The Falcon BLASTS AWAY, two TIE FIGHTERS chase it, fast!

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - DAY

          Rey pilots, headed for the sky!
          Finn SWINGS into frame, trying to work the GUNS.

                          FINN
           Whoa! Hey! Oh! Stay low! Stay
           low!

                          REY

           WHAT?

                          FINN
           Stay low! It confuses their tracking!
          For a crazy instant Rey LETS GO OF THE YOKE, stretches to
          the co-pilot controls -- THE FALCON CANTS!

                          REY
           BB-8, hold on!
          Rey finally REACHES the switches, returns to the yoke,
          stabilizing the ship, afraid of this next move.

                          REY

           I'M GOING LOW!!!

          EXT. DESERT - DAY

          BEHIND THE FALCON as it DRAMATICALLY BANKS AT AN UPWARD ARC,
          UPSIDE-DOWN, then SWOOPS PERILOUSLY LOW across the sand.
          Two TIE FIGHTERS SCREAM past us!

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - DAY

          In the cylindrical corridor, BB-8 ROLLS TO THE CEILING!
          Rey looks back for a flash as the TIE Fighters pass -- They
          are ROCKED BY A BLAST!

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          REY
           What are you doing back there? Are
           you ever gonna fire back?!

                         
          Finn flicks switches -- The GUN TARGETING LIGHTS UP:

                          FINN
           I'm working on it! Are the shields
           up?
          Rey strains, reaching for something in the co-pilot seat.

                          REY
           Not so easy without a co-pilot!
          Finn struggles with the gun controls and SWEEPING CHAIR:

                          FINN
           Try sitting in this thing!
          Finn finally FIRES BACK at the two TIE FIGHTERS!

          EXT. DESERT - DAY

          Finn's shots MISS. The TIE FIGHTERS ARC BACK IN PURSUIT and
          SCREAM PAST US toward the Falcon! Both TIES FIRING!

          INT. TIE FIGHTER COCKPIT - DAY

          The BLACK-SUITED PILOT FIRES at the Falcon.

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNNER POSITION - DAY

          The Falcon is ROCKED by another BLAST!

                          FINN
           We need cover, quick!

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY

          Rey HITS SWITCHES, pilots the best she can:

                          REY
           We're about to get some!

                          (TO HERSELF)
           I hope.

          EXT. DESERT - DAY

          The Falcon speeds through a ROCK FORMATION, GRAZING THE ROCK,
          TAKING OUT A CHUNK -- the two TIE Fighters in pursuit, FIRING!
          The Falcon BANKS SO HARD, the edge of the ship RIPS A LINE
          IN THE SAND as it turns, REVEALING THE SHIP GRAVEYARD AHEAD.

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - DAY

          BB-8 EXTENDS MAGNETIC CABLES to brace himself in a corridor.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          Finn continues to fire at the TIE fighters, narrowly missing
          them.

                          FINN
           Damn it!
          Rey maneuvers the ship deeper into the graveyard.

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNNER POSITION - DAY

          Finn SWOOPS into frame, FIRES --

                          FINN
           Come on... come on...
          -- HITS AND SHATTERS the TIE FIGHTER!

                          REY
           Nice shot!

                          FINN
           I'm getting pretty good at this!

          EXT. DESERT - SPACESHIP GRAVEYARD - DAY

          The TIE FIGHTER CRASHES amid the DEBRIS, THREE SCAVENGERS
          instantly there to consume the new bounty.
          The Falcon, pursued by the ONE REMAINING TIE FIGHTER, slaloms
          through the MASSIVE WRECKAGE, GRAZING THE OLD SHIPS as she
          goes, pieces flying.
          The TIE FIGHTER FIRES -- HITTING THE FALCON'S LOWER TURRET,

          SPINNING IT, JAMMING IT INTO FORWARD POSITION!

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - GUNNER POSITION - DAY


          ALARMS BLARE --

                          FINN
           The cannon's stuck in forward
           position, I can't move it! You gotta
           lose 'em!

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY

          The ship is HIT AGAIN -- afraid, Rey's mind races as she
          scans the area -- and gets an idea.

                          REY
           Get ready!

                          FINN
           Okay! For what?

          EXT. DESERT - SPACESHIP GRAVEYARD - DAY

          Rey pilots the ship up AND INTO THE REAR OF A CRASHED SUPER
          STAR DESTROYER! The final TIE FIGHTER FOLLOWS!

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - DAY

          Finn peers out the window, realizing where they are:

                          FINN

           ARE WE REALLY DOING THIS?!

          INT. WRECKED SUPER STAR DESTROYER - DAY

          The two ships slalom debris inside the giant ship -- the
          Falcon GRAZING ONE SIDE, THEN THE OTHER, SPITTING SPARKS!

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - DAY

          Rey, scared, girds herself as she quickly runs out of space
          in the wreck.

                          REY
           Oh no!
          Just as the TIE PILOT GETS A LOCK,
          Rey YANKS THE YOKE --

          EXT. DESERT - SPACESHIP GRAVEYARD - DAY

          The Falcon makes a HARD RIGHT TURN out of the Destroyer.
          Rey then CUTS POWER AND FLIPS THE SHIP SO BACK FACES FRONT!
          FINN CAN NOW SEE THE PURSUING TIE FIGHTER! He FIRES,

          DESTROYING IT!
          REY GUNS THE ENGINES again, FLIPS THE FALCON and FLIES AWAY
          as the TIE FIGHTER CRASHES!

                          FINN
           Whooo!
          The Falcon ROARS OFF, victorious, leaving the ship graveyard
          and disappearing into the clouds.

          EXT. SPACE - DAY

          The Falcon ROARS from Jakku off to space.

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY

          Rey excitedly unbuckles her seatbelt and hurries back.

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CORRIDOR - DAY

          Rey races past BB-8, who is RETRACTING his safety restraints.
          Finn, adrenalized, climbs from the turret, meets Rey in the
          corridor, the LOUNGE in the b.g..

                         

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED: REY
           FINN Good shooting! Thanks! I--
           Now that was some I don't know! -- I've
           flying! How did you flown some ships but I've
           do that?! No one never left the planet!
           trained you? No one? Your last shot was dead
           That was amazing! on. You got him with one
           (beat) blast!
           You set me up for it! (laughs)
           (cocky) It was perfect!
           That was pretty good.
          They're just staring at each other now, seeing something odd
          and weird and wonderful -- two people totally inexperienced
          in joy and camaraderie.
          Bb-8 BEEPS something urgent -- she turns to the droid, kneels.

                          REY (CONT'D)
           You're ok. He's with the Resistance.
           He's going to get you home. We both
           will.

                          (TO FINN)
           I don't know your name.

                          FINN
           Finn. What's yours.

                          REY
           I'm Rey.
          BB-8 looks at him: really? Finn is reminded: HE'S LIED TO
          HER. She looks at Finn with a sweet smile.

                          FINN
           Rey...
          But before Finn can say anything they JUMP: across the lounge,
          STEAM BURSTS from under the grating.

                          REY
           Help me with this! Quick!
          They hurry to the grating, PULL IT UP together. BB-8 rolls
          over, watches.

                          FINN
           Whoa! What's going on?
          She goes below as BB-8 BEEPS concern.

          EXT. SPACE - DAY

          The First Order Star Destroyer above Jakku.

          INT. STAR DESTROYER BRIDGE - DAY

          Lieutenant Mitaka moves to Ren, who looks out across the
          star field. Mitaka swallows, uneasy with his task.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          LIEUTENANT MITAKA
           Sir. We were unable to acquire the
           droid on Jakku.
          Ren turns to look at him, he says nothing.

           LIEUTENANT MITAKA (CONT'D)
           It escaped capture aboard a stolen
           Corellian YT model freighter.

                          KYLO REN
           The droid... stole a freighter?

                          LIEUTENANT MITAKA
           Not exactly, sir. It had help.
          Ren says nothing. Which says everything. Mitaka sweats.

           LIEUTENANT MITAKA (CONT'D)
           We have no confirmation, but we
           believe FN-2187 may have been helped
           in the escape--
          Ren IGNITES HIS LIGHTSABER, TURNS AND SLASHES AT THE CONSOLE
          BEHIND HIM! HOLD ON Mitaka, who reacts, looks away -- winces.
          The horrible SOUNDS of Ren's rage continues. Finally Mitaka
          looks up. The metallic wall behind Ren is RIPPED with glowing
          scars.

                          KYLO REN
           Anything else?
          Mitaka hates to say the following, but:

                          LIEUTENANT MITAKA
           The two were accompanied by a girl.
          Ren reaches out -- Mitaka is suddenly, violently PULLED TOWARD
          REN, into his black glove:

                          KYLO REN
           What girl?

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - LOUNGE AREA - DAY

          Rey's head POPS up from under the grating, surrounded by
          STEAM. An EMERGENCY ALARM BLARES.

                          REY
           It's the motivator! Grab me a Harris
           wrench -- check in there!
          As he checks a storage box, she disappears down below,
          overwhelmed by the technical issues --

                          FINN
           How bad is it?!

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          REY
           If we wanna live, not good!
          BB-8 watches as Finn searches A SELECTION OF TOOLS:

                          FINN
           They're hunting for us now, we gotta
           get outta this system!
          Rey re-emerges, Finn hands her the wrench.

                          REY
           BB-8 said the location of the
           Resistance Base is "need to know" --
           if I'm taking you there, I need to
           know!

                          FINN
           (Throws a tool)
           This?
          She catches it and goes under again, leaving Finn and BB-8
          alone. He contemplates telling her the truth. This is his
          moment. But instead he knees to BB-8, says quietly, urgently:

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           You gotta tell us where the base is.

                          (BB-8 BEEPS)
           I don't speak that. Alright, between
           us, I'm not with the Resistance,
           okay?
           (BB-8 backs up)
           -- I'm just trying to get away from
           the First Order -- but you tell us
           where your base is, I'll get there
           first -- deal?!
           (BB-8 COCKS his head)
           Droid, please.
          Rey pops up again:

                          REY
           Pilex driver, hurry!
          Finn moves for the tool.

                          REY (CONT'D)
           So where's your base?

                          FINN
           (searching, to BB-8)
           Go on BB-8, tell her.

                          (QUIETLY)
           Please!
          She and Finn look to BB-8 -- who considers the whole
          situation, then BEEPS.

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          REY
           The Ileenium system?
          Finn hands her the tool, surprised but thrilled -- Rey
          disappears below again.

                          FINN
           Yeah, the Ileenium system, that's
           the one -- get us there as fast as
           you can.
          A smiling Finn gives BB-8 a THUMBS UP. BB-8 quickly extends
          his WELDING TORCH and TURNS IT UPWARD, then retracts it.

                          REY
           I'll drop you two at Ponemah Terminal.
           I need the bonding tape, hurry!

                          FINN
           (searching for tape)
           What about you?

                          REY
           I gotta get back to Jakku!

                          FINN
           (loses his mind)
           BACK TO JAK--?! Why does everyone
           always wanna go back to Jakku?! !

                          REY
           No, that one! No. No. The one I'm
           pointing to! No. NO. NO. If we
           don't patch it up, the propulsion
           tank will overflow and flood the
           ship with poisonous gas!
          Bb-8 has moved to Finn -- TIPS HIS HEAD, shows him the tool.
          He throws her the tape, she disappears below:

                          FINN
           This?

                          REY
           Yes!

                          FINN
           Hey. Rey. You're a pilot -- you
           can fly anywhere! Why go back?!
           You got a family? You got a
           boyfriend? Cute boyfriend?
          The STEAM and ALARM STOP as Rey pops up, annoyed:

                          REY
           None of your business, THAT'S WHY!
          But then: ALL THE SHIP POWER GOES OUT. BB-8 is nervous.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          FINN
           ... That can't be good.

                          REY

                          (HEADS OFF)
           -- No it can't be --

           FINN FOLLOWS REY TO:

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY

          They plop into the seats, in a panic. She checks the dead

                         INSTRUMENTATION PANEL:

                          REY
           Someone's locked onto us -- all
           controls are overridden.
          Finn quickly, awkwardly climbs up, looks out.

                          REY (CONT'D)
           Get off. Get off! See anything?

                          FINN
           ... Oh no.

          EXT. SPACE - DAY

          The Millennium Falcon, powerless, is a sitting duck.
          SOMETHING EPIC appears from ABOVE: THE ANTENNA ARRAY IS THE

          FIRST WE SEE OF A MASSIVE FREIGHTER, ITS GIANT HANGAR OPEN

          LIKE A HUGE MOUTH WHICH SWALLOWS THE FALCON LIKE A WHALE!

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY

          Finn PLOPS into his seat, horrified.

                          FINN
           It's the First Order.

                          REY
           What do we do-- there must be

                          SOMETHING --
          Finn's mind races -- then:

                          FINN
           You said poisonous gas --

                          REY
           -- Yeah, but I fixed that --

                          FINN
           Can you unfix it?
          Rey stares at him -- and gets his plan! They head off --

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - LOUNGE AREA - DAY

          The GAS MASKS hanging in the lounge are GRABBED.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          Finn and Rey, gas masks on, quickly climb into the open
          grating area.

                          REY
           C'mon BB-8.
          They help BB-8 down, too: they both struggle like crazy, he
          weighs a TON.

                          FINN
           I got it.

                          REY
           Oooh...

                          FINN
           I'm okay. BB-8 get off me...

          UNDER THE GRATING
          Finn pulls the grating over them as Rey works on the controls.

                          REY
           You think this'll work on the
           Stormtroopers?

                          FINN
           Yeah. Their masks filter out smoke,
           not toxins.
          LIGHTS COME ON! SOUND of the SHIP RAMP LOWERING! Finn PULLS
          THE GRATING CLOSED as he says:

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           Hurry!

                          REY
           I'm hurrying!
          Suddenly the FALCON DOOR OPENS -- AND HAN SOLO AND CHEWBACCA
          BOARD THE FALCON, weapons at the ready. PUSH IN ON THEM,
          ready for combat, operating silently, with hand signals only.

                          HAN
           Chewie, we're home.
          Han gives Chewie a nod to check out the ship. Chewie heads
          off one way, Han in another.
          The grating above LIFTS OFF -- hands in surrender, they look
          up at Han, who's training his blaster on them, threatening.
          They're SCARED.

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           Where are the others? Where's the
           pilot?

                          REY
           ...I'm the pilot...

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          HAN
           You?
          Chewie MOAN-TALKS. Rey responds to him --

                          REY
           No, it's true: we're the only ones
           on board.

                          FINN
           You can understand that thing?

                          HAN
           And "that thing" can understand you
           too, so watch it. Come on outta
           there.
          They climb up -- BB-8 uses his magnetic arm to quickly pull
          himself out.

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           Where'd you get this ship?

                          REY
           Niima Outpost.

                          HAN
           Jakku?! That junkyard?

                          FINN
           Thank you! Junkyard!

                          HAN

                          (TO CHEWIE)
           Told ya we should've double-checked
           the Western Reaches!

                          (TO REY)
           Who had it, Ducain?

                          REY
           I stole it from Unkar Plutt. He
           stole it from the Irving Boys, who
           stole it from Ducain.

                          HAN
           Who stole it from me! Well, you
           tell him Han Solo just stole back
           the Millennium Falcon for good.
          Han walks away, takes in the ship: it's his again. Doesn't
          see that Rey is awed. His back to all of them, he smiles.
          Chewie responds as Han heads toward the cockpit.

                          REY
           This is the Millennium Falcon? You're
           Han Solo?

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          HAN
           I used to be.

                          FINN
           Han Solo? The Rebellion General?

                          REY
           No, the smuggler!

                          FINN

                          (TO CHEWIE)
           Wasn't he a war hero?!
          Chewie replies: "Yeah, I guess, kinda..." Rey calls out:

                          REY
           This is the ship that made the Kessel
           Run in fourteen parsecs...!

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - SAME

          Han enters the cockpit.

                          HAN
           Twelve! Fourteen.
          A moment of private joy. Then he sees something that ANNOYS

                         HIM:

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           Hey! Some moof-milker put a
           compressor on the ignition line!
          Han moves to the corridor.

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - LOUNGE AREA - DAY


                          REY
           Unkar Plutt did. I thought it was a
           mistake too, puts too much stress on

                          THE HYPERDRIVE--

                          HAN

                          (OVERLAPPING HER)
           -- Stress on the hyperdrive--
           (who is she? Then:)
           Chewie, throw 'em in a pod, we'll
           drop them at the nearest inhabited
           planet.

                          REY
           Wait! No -- we need your help!

                          HAN
           My help?

                          REY
           This droid has to get to the
           Resistance base as soon as possible!

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          FINN
           He's carrying a map to Luke Skywalker.
          Yup: Han stops in his tracks.

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           You are the Han Solo that fought
           with the Rebellion. You knew him.
          The mention of Luke has really hit Han. He turns to Finn.

                          HAN
           Yeah, I knew him. I knew Luke.
          Suddenly: a distant, METALLIC KA-CHUNK!

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           Don't tell me a Rathtar's gotten

                          LOOSE--
          Han hurries out -- they all follow, (Chewie, Rey, Finn, then
          BB-8), Finn with WILD CONCERN:

                          FINN
           Wait -- a what?! Did you just say
           Rathtars? Hey!

          INT. CARGO SHIP - HANGAR - DAY

          The Falcon is parked in this giant freighter's hangar. Han
          moves to a CONTROL PANEL, they all follow him.

                          FINN
           You're not hauling Rathtars on this
           freighter, are you?

                          HAN
           I'm hauling Rathtars.
          On the CONTROL PANEL: IMAGES ON SCREENS FROM ALL AROUND THE
          SHIP. Including the EXTERIOR, where a TRANSPORT SHIP is
          LANDING ON THE FREIGHTER. Han is fearful.

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           Oh great. It's the Guavian Death
           Gang -- they must've tracked us from
           Nantoon.
          Han heads off as:

                          REY
           What's a Rathtar?

          INT. CARGO SHIP - CARGO CONTAINER CORRIDOR - DAY

          Han leads our group down a LONG NARROW HALL lined with cargo
          containers.

                         

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED: HAN
           They're big and dangerous...

                          FINN
           Y'ever heard of the Trillia Massacre?!

                          REY
           No.

                          FINN
           Good.
          They turn a corner:

                          HAN
           I got three of 'em going to King
           Prana.

                          FINN
           THREE?! How'd you get them on board?

                          HAN
           I used to have a bigger crew.
          Chewie GROAN-TALKS, concurring.

          CUT TO: LOOKING UP AS A HATCH OPENS IN THE FLOOR. HAN AND

          CO. ARE THERE.

                          HAN
           Get below deck and stay there until
           I say so -- don't even think about
           taking the Falcon.

                          REY
           What about BB-8?

                          HAN
           He stays with me -- until I get rid
           of the gang, then you can have him
           back and be on your way.

                          FINN
           What about the Rathtars... where are
           you keeping them?
          A TERRIFYING BAM: a GROTESQUE RATHTAR GIANT TONGUE SLAMS
          into the CARGO CONTAINER window behind Finn, whose heart
          stops.

                          HAN
           There's one.

                          REY
           What are you gonna do?

                          HAN
           Same thing I always do: talk my way
           out of it.

                          (CHEWIE MOAN-TALKS)
           Yes, I do. Every time.

          INT. CARGO SHIP - NARROW CORRIDOR - DAY

          A PORTAL opens. The GUAVIAN DEATH GANG enters. One man in
          a SUIT (BALA-TIK), and five SECURITY SOLDIERS in badass
          UNIFORMS with ROUND-FACE HELMETS. They turn into and stop
          at one end of the corridor. Han, Chewie and BB-8 forty feet
          away in the middle of the long hall.

                          BALA-TIK
           Han Solo. You are a dead man.
          Han smiles innocently, friendly. BB-8 nervously looks back
          and forth at the gang, and Han.

                          HAN
           Bala-Tik. What's the problem?

                          BALA-TIK
           The problem is we loaned you fifty
           thousand for this job.

                         INTERCUT WITH:

          INT. CARGO SHIP - BELOW FLOOR GRATING - DAY

          They look up, trying to get a view.

                          REY
           Can you see them?

                          FINN
           No.
          They start crawling down the crawl space.

                          BALA-TIK
           I heard you also borrowed fifty
           thousand from Kanjiklub.

                          HAN
           You know you can't trust those little
           freaks! How long've we known each
           other?
          Rey and Finn arrive under the gang. They WHISPER:

                          REY
           They have blasters...

                          FINN
           A lot of 'em.
          We RISE THROUGH THE FLOOR to see the GANG and Han and company
          in the distance.

                          BALA-TIK
           The question is how much longer will
           we know each other? Not long. We
           want our money back now.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          HAN
           Ya think hunting Rathtars is cheap?
           I spent that money.

                          BALA-TIK
           Kanjiklub wants their investment
           back, too.

                          HAN
           I never made a deal with Kanjiklub!

                          BALA-TIK
           Tell that to Kanjiklub.
          The SOUND of a PORTAL OPENING. Han's face GOES WHITE as he
          turns to the OTHER END OF THE CORRIDOR, where KANJIKLUB
          MEMBERS APPEAR. A GANG in a MEDIEVAL BANDITO style.
          Han smiles uncomfortably at the Kanjiklub members. Its
          LEADER, TASU LEECH, out front. Han tries to play it off:

                          HAN
           Tasu Leech. Good to see you.
          Tasu speaks an alien language, we SUBTITLE:

                          TASU LEECH
           Wrong again, Solo. It's over for
           you.
          Tasu COCKS HIS WEAPON, there for blood. BB-8 is nervous.
          Finn and Rey react to the sounds of the new gang -- start
          CRAWLING BACK the other way to see them.

                          HAN
           Boys. You're both gonna get
           what I promised! Have I ever
           not delivered for you before?

                          BALA-TIK
           Yeah.

                          TASU LEECH
           Twice!
          Han realizes he's right.

                          HAN
           What was the second time?

                          BALA-TIK
           Your game is old. There's no one in
           the galaxy left for you to swindle.

                          TASU LEECH
           Nowhere left for you to hide.

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          BALA-TIK
           That BB unit... the First Order is
           looking for one just like it. And
           two fugitives.
          Finn and Rey SUDDENLY STOP CRAWLING, tense.
          BB-8 hides behind Han's leg. PUSH IN ON Han as he realizes:
          Finn and Rey are in real trouble.

                          HAN
           First I've heard of it.
          Below the grating, Finn and Rey look at each other, afraid.
          Above, another Kanjiklubber (RAZOO QIN-FEE) says (SUBTITLED):

                          RAZOO QIN-FEE
           Search the freighter.
          One of the Kanjiklubbers begins moving down the corridor,
          AIMING A FLASHLIGHT DOWN BELOW, searching for:
          FINN AND REY, in a QUIET PANIC BELOW: THEY START CRAWLING
          FAST in the opposite direction they came.
          Rey crawls off fast, Finn follows. They quickly arrive at
          a JUNCTION BOX AREA, Rey looking at the controls.

                          REY
           Wait wait wait wait. If we close
           the blast doors in that corridor, we
           can trap both gangs!

                          FINN
           Close the blast doors from here?

                          REY
           Resetting the fuses should do it.
          Rey begins RESETTING the FUSES, SPARKS shooting from them as
          they do. Finn quickly joins in.
          Rey and Finn FINISH resetting the fuses boxes. Rey smiles
          optimistically. Finn looks hopeful too.
          DOWN AN EMPTY ROW OF LARGE CONTAINERS, which OPEN -- and a
          GIANT RATHTAR -- an ENORMOUS, FIERCE AND RAVENOUS LAND OCTOPUS --

          SLITHERS OUT OF ITS CAGE!
          BACK UP TOP as BANKS OF LIGHTS BEGIN GOING OFF, ONE BY ONE.
          The GANGS look around.
          Han's eyes go wide -- he gets it -- and it's bad. QUIETLY:

                          HAN
           ... I got a bad feeling about this...
          Suddenly all the LIGHTS COME ON AGAIN -- even down below,
          where Rey realizes it hasn't gone as planned.

                          REY
           Oh no.

                          FINN
           Oh no, what?

                          REY

                          (PALE)
           Wrong fuses.

          IN ANOTHER CORRIDOR, BACK WITH THE GANGS:

                          BALA-TIK
           Kill them! And take the droid!
          The gangs AIM THEIR WEAPONS JUST AS A RATHTAR APPEARS BEHIND

          THE GUAVIAN DEATH GANG, GRABBING TWO MEMBERS! THE OTHERS
          SCREAM AND RUN! The gang FIRES BACK -- BLASTS FLY!
          Han and Chewie react, flinching -- then turn to Kanjiklub as
          a RATHTAR APPEARS BEHIND THEM, ROARING DEAFENINGLY! The
          Gang turns -- others run, FIRE AT IT.

          INT. CARGO SHIP CORRIDOR A - DAY

          Han, Chewie and BB-8 race down the hall -- A MEMBER OF THE
          KANJIKLUB GANG comes around the corner. Han PUNCHES him
          with one blow, throws him toward the Rathtar. They keep
          steppin....

          INT. CARGO SHIP - BELOW FLOOR GRATING - DAY

          Rey and Finn hurriedly crawl through the space below decks.

                          FINN
           This was a mistake!

                          REY
           Huge!

          INT. CARGO SHIP CORRIDOR A - DAY

          Two Guavian Death Gang members run through the ship -- passing
          Tasu Leech, who sees another Kanjiklub member down the
          corridor -- who gets GRABBED BY A TENTACLE! Tasu tries to
          help him, but he gets PULLED UP AND AWAY! Tasu hears a
          distant terror-scream of a Rathtar, and runs the other way.
          Other Kanjiklub members YELL at him to avoid that direction --
          they all turn a corner -- a RATHTAR IS THERE AND GRABS THE
          TWO OTHERS! Tasu FIRES at the beast and RUNS OFF -- and we
          land on a FLOOR HATCH, which opens. Rey and Finn climb out,
          quickly.

                         
          They turn a corridor --

                          REY
           What do they look like?

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          Another corner -- and GANG MEMBERS ARE BATTLING A HORRIBLE
          RATHTAR! Rey COVERS HER MOUTH.

                          FINN
           They look like that.
          Finn yanks her away. They race around another corner -- a

          RATHTAR IS THERE!

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           This way!

                          REY
           Are you sure?
          They scream and run off -- but Finn is GRABBED, PULLED AWAY

          FAST!

                          REY (CONT'D)

           FINN!
          But the Rathtar's fast and TURNS A CORNER, losing Rey --

                          FINN

           REY!

          INT. CARGO SHIP CORRIDOR E - DAY

          TIGHT ON FINN as he's being yanked down the hall, SCREAMING
          as he struggles to get loose!
          Rey turns the corner -- Finn is gone -- nowhere to be seen.

                          REY

           FINN!!!!
          Without Finn, she is instantly distraught -- then she
          realizes: SHE'S JUST PASSED A CONTROL PANEL! Her eyes light
          up as she moves to it: a BANK OF VIDEO MONITORS OF THE SHIP --
          and there's Finn, being dragged by a Rathtar toward an OPEN
          BLAST DOOR. Rey's hand on the button, she waits... then

          SLAMS THE BUTTON!

          INT. CARGO SHIP CORRIDOR B - DAY

          The BLAST DOOR INSTANTLY CLOSES ON ONE OF THE RATHTAR'S
          TENTACLES! It SCREAMS IN PAIN, ITS SEVERED TENTACLE STILL
          WRAPPED AROUND FINN'S LEG! Finn scrambles up, desperately
          shaking the sticky tentacle off his leg!
          Rey arrives, runs to Finn, beaming to see him alive -- he is
          adrenaline-rushed, in shock:

                          REY
           Finn!

                          FINN
           It had me! But the door--!

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          REY
           That was lucky!
          ANOTHER CORRIDOR - Finn and Rey run towards the Falcon.

          INT. CARGO SHIP CORRIDOR D - DAY

          Han, Chewie and BB-8 take cover, Han exchanging BLASTER FIRE
          with GANG MEMBERS AT THE OTHER END OF THE HALL.

                          HAN
           I got the door. Cover us!
          Chewie GROAN-AGREES. Chewie FIRES DOWN THE HALL as Han
          CROSSES THE CORRIDOR, BB-8 following nervously. As Chewie
          exchanges blaster fire, Han works the controls.
          THE HATCH OPENS (FALCON in the distance) -- just as CHEWIE
          IS HIT IN THE SHOULDER BY ENEMY FIRE! He goes down with a

          LOUD GROAN!

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           Chewie! You okay?
          Han GRABS CHEWIE'S BOWCASTER, FIRES at the DOOR CONTROLS,

          BADASS!

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           (looks at bowcaster)
           Wow. Come on! Come on!

          INT. CARGO SHIP HANGAR - DAY

          Run with Finn and Rey as they turn into the hangar, toward
          the Falcon. Han helps WOUNDED CHEWIE up the ramp, sees them.

                          REY
           Han!
          Finn and Rey race past BB-8 -- as they go up the ramp, Han
          says to Rey:

                          HAN
           You, close the door behind us!

                          (TO FINN)
           You take care of Chewie!
          Han and Rey race up the ramp as Finn heads up with Chewie,
          who SCREAMS WILDLY IN PAIN!

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY

          Han stands at the navicomputer, hitting switches. Rey enters
          fast, moves past him to Chewie's seat.

                          HAN
           Hey, where are you going?

                         

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          REY
           Unkar Plutt installed a fuel pump
           too -- if we don't prime that we're
           not going anywhere.

                          HAN
           I hate that guy.
          Han sits as, Rey hitting buttons:

                          REY
           And you could use a co-pilot.

                          HAN
           I got one, he's back there.

          IN THE LOUNGE, CHEWIE IS IN PAIN --

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY

          Han and Rey in the seats:

                          HAN
           Watch the thrust, we're goin' out of
           here at lightspeed --

                          REY

                          (SHOCKED)
           From inside the hangar? Is that
           even possible?

                          HAN
           I never ask that question until after
           I've done it.
          A RATHTAR JUMPS ONTO THE WINDSHIELD -- REY SCREAMS! Its
          GIANT MOUTH CHEWING AT THE GLASS! Han works the controls:

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           This is not how I thought this day
           was gonna go -- angle the shields --
           Hang on back there!
          IN THE LOUNGE, Chewie is in pain -- Finn going through a
          first aid kit -- the ship is HIT again --

                          FINN

                          (HUGE PROBLEM)
           No problem!

          INT. CARGO SHIP - HANGAR - DAY

          Three GANG MEMBERS race out here and FIRE AT THE FALCON --
          hitting FUEL LINES, BLASTING THE SHIP HARD!
          The ship is hit.

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY


                          HAN
           Come on baby, don't let me down!
          He hits a switch -- but NOTHING.

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           What?!
          But Rey reaches over, hits a switch, matter-of-factly.

                          REY
           Compressor.
          Han doesn't like it but she's right -- he hits the switch
          again and the HYPERDRIVE FIRES! The hangar is FILLED WITH
          LIGHTSPEED BLAST as the ATTACKING GANG MEMBERS ARE BLASTED
          BACK LIKE DRY LEAVES. In the cockpit the RATHTAR RIPS AWAY
          as THE STARS STRETCH LIKE ELASTIC and we CUT TO:

          EXT. CARGO SHIP - DAY

          Camera ROTATES as the Falcon DISAPPEARS IN A STREAK, leaving
          the cargo ship behind.

          INT. CARGO SHIP - DAY

          PUSH IN on a HANGAR DOOR where Bala-Tik arrives at the window,
          SEETHING. Makes a CALL:

                          BALA-TIK
           Inform the First Order that Han Solo
           has the droid they want. And it's
           aboard the Millennium Falcon.

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - DAY

          A pair of TIE fighters roar towards a magnificent PLANET,
          frozen WHITE. This is the STARKILLER BASE, a natural planet
          that has been hacked and modified into something sinister.
          Over this we HEAR a DEEP, almost SOOTHING VOICE. A voice
          very much in control, of power:

           SNOKE (V.O.)
           The droid will soon be delivered to
           the Resistance...

          INT. STARKILLER PLANET - ASSEMBLY ROOM - NIGHT

          KYLO REN and General Hux in a dark space, looking UPWARD at
          someone addressing them.
          We're in a massive and dark ASSEMBLY ROOM. Hundreds of DESKS
          in a stadium arc, focused on a platform where we see SUPREME
          LEADER SNOKE. Not entirely human, at nearly twenty-five
          feet tall. All of him a STONY GREY. Old, wounded, fragile
          and powerful, all at the same time.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          SNOKE
           ... Leading them to the last Jedi.
           If Skywalker returns, the new Jedi
           will rise.

                          GENERAL HUX
           Supreme Leader, I take full
           responsibility for th--

                          SNOKE
           General! Our strategy must now
           change.

                          GENERAL HUX
           The weapon. It is ready. I believe
           the time has come to use it. We
           shall destroy the government that
           supports the Resistance, the Republic.
           Without their friends to protect
           them, the Resistance will be
           vulnerable, and we will stop them
           before they reach Skywalker.
          Snoke considers. Almost seems to die for a moment. Then:

                          SNOKE
           Go. Oversee preparations.

                          GENERAL HUX
           Yes, Supreme Leader.
          General Hux, proud, cocksure, exits. Kylo Ren watches him
          go. Snoke SITS. A new intimacy in his voice.

                          SNOKE
           There's been an awakening. Have you
           felt it?

                          KYLO REN
           Yes.

                          SNOKE
           There's something more. The droid
           we seek is aboard the Millennium
           Falcon. In the hands of your father,
           Han Solo.
          Kylo Ren reacts with subtle, but real, surprise.

                          KYLO REN
           He means nothing to me.

                          SNOKE
           Even you, master of the Knights of
           Ren, have never faced such a test.

                         

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          KYLO REN

                          (STEELY RESOLVE)
           By the grace of your training, I
           will not be seduced.

                          SNOKE
           We shall see. We shall see.
          A gentle, satisfied nod from Snoke, and Kylo Ren, obsessed,
          filled up, exits. Snoke watches him disappear, a grotesque
          evil SMILE growing -- as he DISINTEGRATES -- Snoke has been
          a HOLOGRAM all along.

          EXT. LIGHTSPEED SPACE - DAY

          RACING with the Falcon through the STRINGLIGHT of lightspeed.

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - DAY

          CHAOS: INTERCUT between the COCKPIT where Han and Rey pilot,
          ALARMS SOUNDING, problems everywhere, and the LOUNGE where
          CHEWIE YELPS as Finn nervously works to BANDAGE HIS SHOULDER.

          SPARKS!

                          HAN
           Electrical overload!

                          REY
           I can fix that!

                          HAN
           The coolant's leaking!

                          REY
           Try transferring auxiliary power to
           the secondary tank--

                          HAN
           -- Secondary tank, I got it!

          INT. LOUNGE:

          CHEWIE HOWLS IN PAIN! Finn hangs in there, wraps a bandage
          on Chewie's shoulder: Chewie ROARS. BB-8 scurries off.

                          FINN
           Chewie, come on! I need help with
           this giant hairy thing! Stop moving!
           Chewie!

          INT. FALCON COCKPIT:


                          HAN
           You hurt Chewie, you're gonna deal
           with me!

          INT. LOUNGE:

          As Finn struggles to bandage the Wookiee:

                          FINN
           Hurt him?! He almost killed me six
           times!
           (Chewie GRABS HIM by
           the collar, ROARS)
           Which is fine.

          INT. FALCON COCKPIT:


                          HAN
           This hyperdrive blows there's gonna
           be pieces of us in three different
           systems.
          Han at the controls when all the alarms STOP. Rey, satisfied,
          sits in the co-pilot seat. Han is confused.

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           What'd you do?

                          REY
           I by-passed the compressor.
          He looks at her. A little, appreciative laugh. Han exits,
          walking past BB-8.

                          HAN
           Move, Ball.

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - LOUNGE AREA - DAY

          Han kneels at Chewie, who lies awake but recovering. Han
          checks his friend's wound with care. Chewie MOAN-TALKS.

                          HAN
           Nah, don't say that, you did great.
           Just rest.
          Han turns to Finn, who sits at the HOLOCHESS set, BB-8 beside
          him. This is awkward for Han, but damn, he means it:

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           Good job, kid. And thanks.

                          FINN
           You're welcome.
          Finn has accidentally hit a button on the chess set, and the
          PIECES appear, looking up at Finn, curiously. The pieces
          start to FIGHT as Finn fiddles with the controls, trying to
          turn it off.

                          HAN
           So, fugitives, huh?

                          REY
           The First Order wants the map.

                          (MORE)

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          REY (CONT'D)
           (re: Finn and BB-8)
           Finn is with the Resistance...

                          (SHRUGS)
           ... I'm just a scavenger.
          Han gives Finn a skeptical once-over as Finn finally manages
          to TURN THE CHESS SET OFF as Rey enters. Han looks to BB-8.

                          HAN
           Let's see whatcha got.

                          REY

                          (TO BB-8)
           Go ahead.
          BB-8 rolls forward -- and suddenly PROJECTS A HOLOGRAPHIC

          MAP, FILLING THE ROOM. PLANETS, STARS, SYSTEMS.
          They all react. Chewie sits to look up. Han moves through
          stars, becomes reflective.

                          HAN
           This map's not complete. It's just
           a piece. Ever since Luke disappeared,
           people have been looking for him.

                          REY
           Why'd he leave?

                          HAN
           He was training a new generation of
           Jedi. One boy, an apprentice turned
           against him, destroyed it all. Luke
           felt responsible... He walked away
           from everything.

                          FINN
           Do you know what happened to him?

                          HAN
           There're a lot of rumors. Stories.
           The people who knew him the best
           think he went looking for the first
           Jedi temple.

                          REY
           The Jedi were real?

                          HAN
           I used to wonder that myself. Thought
           it was a bunch of mumbo-jumbo --
           magical power holding together good,
           evil, the dark side and the light.

                          (BEAT)
           'Crazy thing is, it's true. The
           Force, the Jedi, all of it. It's
           all true.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          An alarm rings on the control station, prompting Han to toggle
          some switches. BB-8 cuts off the hologram. Chewie rises
          and moans to Han, but Han motions for Chewie to lay back

                         DOWN:

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           No, you rest.
           (To Rey and Finn)
           You want my help? You're getting
           it. Gonna see an old friend. She'll
           get your droid home. This is our
           stop.
          Han leaves towards the cockpit, Rey and Finn following.

          EXT. LIGHTSPEED TO SPACE - DAY

          BEHIND THE FALCON as it DROPS OUT OF LIGHTSPEED, revealing a
          BEAUTIFUL GREEN PLANET ahead, TAKODANA.

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY

          Han pilots. Finn and BB-8 beside him, Rey as co-pilot.
          Han notices Rey looking out the windshield, almost in tears.

                          REY

                          (QUIETLY)
           ... I didn't know there was this
           much green in the whole galaxy...
          Han watches her -- sees a vulnerability that touches him.

          EXT. TAKODANA PLANET - DAY

          The Falcon CRESTS OVER an ENDLESS GREEN FOREST TO REVEAL a
          CASTLE on a picturesque LAKE.
          The Falcon lands near the castle, among dozens of WORN,
          smallish freighters.

          EXT. LANDING PAD - NEAR MAZ'S CASTLE - DAY

          Rey steps off the Falcon, UP TO CAMERA, BB-8 at her side.
          She takes in the towering stone CASTLE, FOREST to one side,
          LAKE to the other. Serene, beautiful, all new to her.

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - LOUNGE AREA - DAY

          From BLACKNESS: a storage unit opens. Han rummages,
          retrieving old BLASTERS. Finn arrives behind him, concerned.

                          FINN
           Hey, Solo -- I'm not sure what we're
           walking into here --

                          HAN
           D'you just call me "Solo"?

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          FINN
           Sorry. Han-- Mr. Solo. You should
           know, I'm a big deal in the
           Resistance. Which puts a real target
           on my back. Are there any
           conspirators here? First Order
           sympathizers?

                          HAN
           Listen big deal, you've got another
           problem. Women always figure out
           the truth.
          Hands him a BLASTER.

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           Always.
          Han walks off. Finn watches him go, wracked with guilt.

          EXT. MAZ'S CASTLE - DAY

          Han hands Rey a blaster pistol as she stands at looks at the
          castle.

                          HAN
           You might need this.

                          REY
           I think I can handle myself.

                          HAN
           I know you do. That's why I'm giving
           it to you. Take it.
          Rey picks it up. Grips it.

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           You know how to use one of these?

                          REY
           Yeah, you pull the trigger.

                          HAN
           There's a little bit more to it than
           that. You got a lot to learn. You
           got a name?

                          REY
           Rey.

                          HAN
           Rey. I've been thinkin' about
           bringing on some more crew, Rey. A
           second mate. Someone to help out.
           Someone who can keep up with Chewie
           and me, appreciates the Falcon.

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          REY
           Are you offering me a job?

                          HAN
           I wouldn't be nice to you. It doesn't
           pay much.

                          REY
           You're offering me a job.

                          HAN
           I'm thinking about it.
          Rey wants to say yes. But something stops her. A line she
          can't cross.

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           Well?

                          REY
           If you were, I'd be flattered. But
           I have to get home.
          Han looks at her, questioningly.

                          HAN
           Jakku?
          Rey looks off, in thought. Yeah, Jakku.

                          REY

                          (BEAT)
           I've already been away too long.

                          HAN

                          (TO CHEWIE)
           Chewie, check out the ship as best
           you can.

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           It's too bad. Chewie kind of likes
           you.
          Han heads off. HOLD on Rey.

          EXT. MAZ'S CASTLE - DAY

          Han walks them to the castle.

                          FINN
           Solo, why are we here again?

                          HAN
           To get your droid on a clean ship.

                          REY
           Clean?

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          HAN
           Do you think it was luck that Chewie
           and I found the Falcon? If we can
           find it on our scanners, the First
           Order's not far behind. Want to get
           BB-8 to the Resistance? Maz Kanata
           is our best bet.

                          FINN
           We can trust her, right?

                          HAN
           Relax, kid. She's run this watering
           hole for a thousand years. Maz is a
           bit of an acquired taste, so let me
           do the talking. And whatever you
           do, don't stare...

           REY AND FINN
           At what?

                          HAN
           Any of it.
          The door opens. Music. Madness. And...

          INT. MAZ'S CASTLE - MAIN ROOM - DAY

          We ENTER THE LOUD, CROWDED MESS of a hall -- PUSHING PAST a
          room full of rough and odd ALIENS AND HUMANS, who gamble,
          drink, scheme, negotiate, argue -- until we end up on the
          BACK of a tiny, thousand year-old, four foot tall ALIEN, who
          suddenly STARTS, as if SENSING something -- the Alien TURNS
          TO US: she is FEMALE, wearing large ADJUSTABLE GOGGLES.
          This is MAZ KANATA.

                          MAZ
           Han Solo!
          Everyone turns to look. It's ALL QUIET in here.

                          HAN
           (Sotto) Oh boy. (Louder, waving)
           Hey, Maz!
          NOISE returns. Maz walks to them, pushes someone away.

                          MAZ
           Where's my boyfriend?

                          HAN
           Chewie's working on the Falcon.

                          MAZ
           I like that Wookiee. I assume you
           need something. Desperately. Let's
           get to it.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          Maz walks off, gesturing for them to follow. Finn and Rey
          are confused. Han indicates for them to follow. They do --
          passing the enormous GRUMMGAR, who sits with vixen BAZINE
          NETAL, who watches them suspiciously.
          A SMALL DROID (GA-97), who turns its head to see BB-8
          following Rey across the room. GA-97, now animated, makes a
          small TRANSMITTING SOUND, which is subtitled.

                          GA-97
           Alert the Resistance. Their missing
           droid is here!
          And we CUT TO:

          IN A DARK ALCOVE - MOMENTS LATER
          Bazine enters a shadowy space, stealthily makes a call on a
          communicator. Clearly, BAZINE IS A SPY. Subtitled:

                          BAZINE
           Inform the First Order... I've found
           the droid.

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - DAY

          A massive Star Destroyer hovers over the hacked ice planet.

          INT. STAR DESTROYER - KYLO REN'S CHAMBERS - DAY

          A dark space. Kylo Ren, CLOSE TO CAMERA, addresses someone
          OFF-CAMERA whom we do not see.

                          KYLO REN
           Forgive me. I feel it again. The
           pull to the light. Supreme Leader
           senses it. Show me again, the power
           of the darkness, and I will let
           nothing stand in our way. Show me,
           Grandfather, and I will finish what
           you started.
          As his emotion builds, he stands and heads off -- we FOLLOW
          HIM, PIVOTING TO REVEAL who he was talking to: THE BURNT,

          ASHEN, GHOSTLY DEFORMED MASK OF DARTH VADER.

                          CUT TO:

          INT. MAZ'S CASTLE - TABLE - DAY

          Maz is putting together some FOOD as she says:

                          MAZ
           A map to Skywalker himself? You're
           right back in the mess.

                          HAN
           Maz, I need you to get this droid to
           Leia.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          MAZ
           Hmm. No. You've been running away
           from this fight for too long. Han,
           nyakee nago wadda. Go home!

                          HAN
           Leia doesn't want to see me.

                          FINN
           Please, we came here for your help.

                          REY
           What fight?

                          MAZ
           The only fight: against the dark
           side. Through the ages, I've seen
           evil take many forms. The Sith.
           The Empire. Today, it is the First
           Order. Their shadow is spreading
           across the galaxy. We must face
           them. Fight them. All of us.

                          FINN
           There is no fight against the First
           Order! Not one we can win. Look
           around. There's no chance we haven't
           been recognized already. I bet you
           the First Order is on their way right--
          Finn stops, seeing Maz adjusting her goggles, scrutinizing
          him -- her eyes get HUGE.

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           What's this? What are you doing?
          Maz adjusts the goggles again. Her eyes get impossibly
          BIGGER. She grunts recognition. She hoists herself on the
          tabletop, knocking over food and plates, crawling towards
          Finn.

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           Solo, what is she doing?

                          HAN
           I don't know, but it ain't good.

                          MAZ
           If you live long enough you see the
           same eyes in different people. I'm
           looking at the eyes of a man who
           wants to run.

                          FINN
           (eyes on Maz)
           You don't know a thing about me.
           Where I'm from. What I've seen.

                          (MORE)

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           You don't know the First Order like
           I do. They'll slaughter us. We all
           need to run.
          Rey is stunned. Maz, not so much. She crawls back to her
          chair. She points to some pirates in the corner.

                          MAZ
           You see those two? They'll trade
           work for transportation to the Outer
           Rim. There, you can disappear.
          Finn sees them. Considers.

                          REY
           Finn!

                          FINN
           Come with me.

                          REY
           What about BB-8? We're not done
           yet. We have to get him back to
           your base.

                          FINN
           I can't.
          Finn stands to leave. He offers the gun back to Han.

                          HAN
           Keep it, kid.
          Finn heads off. Rey gets up to follow. Maz dials her lenses
          back to normal, and turns to Han.

                          MAZ
           Who's the girl?

                         ON FINN
          Who has arrived at the table with the ALIEN SMUGGLERS.

                          FINN
           I was told you could get me to the
           Outer Rim.
          Rey barges into the conversation, interrupting.

                          REY
           What are you doing?
          Finn gets up to talk to her.

                          FINN
           (to Big Head)
           Don't leave without me.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          Embarrassed, Finn moves her away.

                          REY
           You can't just go. I won't let you.

                          FINN
           I'm not who you think I am.

                          REY
           Finn, what are you talking about?

                          FINN
           I'm not Resistance. I'm not a hero.
           I'm a Stormtrooper.

                          (STOPS HER)
           Like all of them, I was taken from a
           family I'll never know. And raised
           to do one thing...

                          (EMOTIONAL)
           But my first battle, I made a choice.
           I wasn't going to kill for them. So
           I ran.

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           Right into you. And you looked at
           me like no one ever had. I was
           ashamed of what I was. But I'm done
           with the First Order. I'm never
           going back. Rey, come with me.

                          REY
           Don't go.

                          FINN
           Take care of yourself. Please.
          Rey looks at him, crushed. With quiet resignation, Rey
          watches Finn return to the aliens...
          And all three head off. He gets to the front door and walks
          through it.
          Rey is heartsick, but she turns as she hears the sound of a
          young girl in anguish, crying. She follows the sound into
          the castle, turning so she can't see that Finn has looked
          back at her one last time.

          INT. MAZ' CASTLE - BASEMENT CORRIDOR - DAY

          Rey steps down into the basement corridor. BB-8 follows
          her. Walking carefully and confused, she is not sure why
          she's down here. She can hear the echoing sounds of a young
          girl crying. She heads down the hall... to the very end,
          where there is a door. It is almost as if a SOULFUL VIBRATION
          draws her closer. She looks at the door lock -- AND THE

          DOOR OPENS.
          Hesitant, Rey enters.

          INT. MAZ'S CASTLE - CRYPT ROOM - DAY

          Rey moves into the dark, small, vaulted storage room. Old
          treasures line the floors and walls, but there is something
          specific Rey is drawn to: on a table, an old wooden BOX.
          She moves to it, unsure, afraid, as if an energy from inside
          the box has been calling her here. BB-8 nervously follows.
          Rey reaches out, very slowly, to touch the box. A moment
          heavy with tension.
          Rey OPENS THE BOX and sees inside Luke Skywalker's original
          lightsaber. With hesitation, she reaches towards it, but
          she cannot resist. As her hand makes contact with it, there
          is the piercing sound of a lightsaber igniting. She moves
          her hand away, as REY HEARS A MECHANICAL BREATHING sound.
          The CAMERA MOVES, LIGHTING CHANGES -- and we see behind her
          something impossible: a HALLWAY OF FROM DEEP INSIDE CLOUD
          CITY. Disembodied voices fill the air.

                          YOUNG GIRL

           NO!
          She stands -- looks around, confused by all she sees and
          hears. -- Turns and sees, through a DOORWAY.
          We follow Rey and she runs down the corridor, but it all
          TILTS -- TURNS -- and she lands on the
          WALL -- which is now the GROUND -- dried GRASS.
          She turns to look -- we PIVOT -- and see a BURNING TEMPLE AT
          NIGHT. We PAN to:
          R2-D2 -- who watches the flames -- and a MAN appears (LUKE,
          whose face we do not see). He falls to his knees, reaches
          out to the droid -- with a MECHANICAL RIGHT HAND.
          We PUSH IN ON REY as RAIN BEGINS -- and DAY TURNS TO NIGHT --
          and she LOOKS UP -- we TILT UP --
          To see we're LOOKING UP AT A WARRIOR as he is STABBED BY A
          FIERY LIGHTSABER! He screams and falls to the ground -- we
          FOLLOW HIM, revealing Rey again, now in a nighttime
          battlefield. She gets to her feet, frightened by what she
          sees. We PIVOT AROUND HER to REVEAL KYLO REN, and the six
          other KNIGHTS OF REN, who flank him!
          Come back around to Rey, soaking now, as the RAIN STOPS and
          SUNLIGHT illuminates her -- she turns to look -- we PIVOT --
          and see...
          A little girl. Rey as a child. She is sobbing, hysterical.
          Unkar Plutt's meaty hand holds her thin arm. She is on Jakku,
          watching a starship fly into the sky, abandoning her.

                          YOUNG GIRL
           No, come back!

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          UNKAR PLUTT
           Quiet, girl!
          The ship flies towards the desert sun, which is strangely
          eclipsed, as if being eaten by darkness. Rey looks around
          her to see she is..
          In a NIGHTTIME, BARREN, SNOWY WOODS. She's losing her mind,
          confounded and lost and she gets to her feet, her breath
          seen in the frigid air -- and then: THE SOUND OF CLASHING
          LIGHTSABERS! She moves through the woods, toward the sound.
          Rey runs, heart pounding, when KYLO REN EMERGES FROM BEHIND
          A TREE! She stops, SCREAMS, FALLS BACK and LANDS IN:

          INT. MAZ' CASTLE - BASEMENT CORRIDOR - DAY

          She falls back, out of the room, suddenly sitting in the
          hall, out of breath, alarmed and perplexed.
          She HEARS something and turns to look.
          Maz stands at the end of the corridor, realizing what has
          just happened.

                          REY
           What was that? I shouldn't have
           gone in there.

                          MAZ
           That lightsaber was Luke's. And his
           father's before him and now, it calls
           to you!
          Rey stands, fast. Still overwhelmed, emotional, speechless.

                          REY
           I have to get back to Jakku.

                          MAZ
           Han told me.
           (reaches out, hold

                          REY'S HAND)
           Dear child. I see your eyes. You
           already know the truth. Whomever
           you're waiting for on Jakku, they're
           never coming back. But... there's
           someone who still could.

                          REY
           Luke.

                          MAZ
           The belonging you seek is not behind
           you. It is ahead. I am no Jedi,
           but I know the Force. It moves
           through and surrounds every living
           thing. Close your eyes. Feel it.

                          (MORE)

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          MAZ (CONT'D)
           The light. It's always been there.
           It will guide you. The saber. Take
           it.
          Rey suddenly stands.

                          REY
           I'm never touching that again. I
           don't want any part of this.
          And Rey runs off, passing Maz.
          Rey's mind is spinning -- she can't take it -- she turns and
          heads off, fast. BB-8 follows her. TIGHT ON MAZ, watching
          her go. Maz SIGHS, feeling for the young girl.

          EXT. MAZ'S CASTLE - DAY

          Rey exits the castle, needs to run, but doesn't know where.
          Heads toward the woods.

          EXT. FOREST - DAY

          Rey moves through the foliage, heart racing. Over this, we
          HEAR a RUMBLING -- intense, an OMEN of something horrible to
          come.

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - ASSEMBLY AREA - DAY

          A massive rally: a thousand STORMTROOPERS, TIE FIGHTERS,
          OFFICERS and VEHICLES. BRUTALIST STRUCTURES, mountainous
          SNOWY LANDSCAPE. Addressing them at a podium, flanked by
          RED FIRST ORDER BANNERS, is HUX. His voice ECHOES:

                          GENERAL HUX
           Today is the end of the Republic!
           The end of a regime that acquiesces
           to disorder! At this very moment,
           in a system far from here the New
           Republic LIES to the GALAXY while
           secretly supporting the treachery of
           the loathsome Resistance. This fierce
           machine which you have built, upon
           which we stand, will bring an end to
           the Senate! To their cherished fleet!
           All remaining systems will bow to
           the First Order! And will remember
           this... as the last day of the
           Republic!

                         

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - CONTROL ROOM - DAY

          ENGINEERS perform FINAL FIRING PROTOCOL. There's a sense of
          nervousness -- WILL THIS MASSIVE WEAPON ACTUALLY WORK?

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - ASSEMBLY AREA - DAY


                          GENERAL HUX

           FIRE!
          And Hux TURNS to give the signal as we CUT BACK WIDE -- a
          ROAR OF BOOTS ON PAVEMENT as the thousand Stormtroopers TURN
          to face an endless snowy landscape. WHAT IS ABOUT TO HAPPEN?!

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - DAY

          A view PAST THE RALLY. For a moment, nothing. Then, eerily

          SILENT, AN IMPOSSIBLE BLAST OF FIRE LIGHT -- LIKE AN ATOMIC

          BOMB TEST TIMES A ZILLION -- BLASTS FROM MILES AWAY, INTO
          THE SKY! Seconds later, a TERRIBLE EXPLOSIVE ROAR!
          The Troopers -- everyone -- is nearly PUSHED BACK by the
          FORCE of it -- the magnitude! Many have to COVER THEIR EYES!
          For MILES around the FIREBEAM, ICE AND SNOW MELTS INSTANTLY!
          Runoff tunnels FLOODED with AN OCEAN OF FRESH WATER. AIRBORNE
          CREATURES by the thousands burst from trees and take flight.
          Hux watches, his eyes WILD WITH POWER AND EVIL. From HIS
          eyes, CUT TO:

          INT. STAR DESTROYER BRIDGE - DAY

          TIGHT ON KYLO REN as he watches the Starkiller firing.

          EXT. MAZ' CASTLE - DAY

          Finn boards the Alien Freighter. The SOUND FROM THE SKY
          makes him turn back. He sees the PATH OF FIRE and his blood
          runs cold, his heart sinks.

          EXT. REPUBLIC SYSTEM - NIGHT

          At a massive distance we see PLANETS THE REPUBLIC CAPITAL

          SYSTEM -- INCREASINGLY LIT, THEN POWERFULLY HIT BY THE VAST

          FIREBLAST WHICH OBLITERATES IT ALL!

          EXT. REPUBLIC CITY - NIGHT

          The galaxy CENTER OF GOVERNMENT at NIGHT. Impressive
          structures. Senators and dignitaries look in uncomprehending
          horror to the night sky. LIGHT GROWING --
          FROM A GREAT DISTANCE a CIRCLE OF FIRE -- LIKE A SMALL SUN

          APPEARING FROM NOWHERE AND GROWING CLOSE AND MASSIVE, TURNING
          NIGHT TO DAY! And in seconds THE FIRE BLOCKS OUT EVERYTHING

          ELSE, AND THE ENTIRE PLANET OF HOSNIAN PRIME IS INCINERATED!

          EXT. MAZ'S CASTLE - DAY

          A crowd of ALIENS files out from inside, all eyes on the
          FIRE IN THE SKY. Dozens of LANGUAGES exclaiming fear and
          horror. Find Han and Chewie moving out, looking up.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

           FINN (O.S.)
           It was the Republic.
          Han and Chewie turn as Finn arrives, moving quickly through
          the crowd. With dread:

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           The First Order, they've done it.
           Where's Rey?

          EXT. FOREST - DAY

          Rey races through the forest and finally comes to a stop,
          overwhelmed and exhausted. At an emotional breaking point,
          she has no idea where to go, who to turn to. Then she HEARS
          A BEEP -- turns to see BB-8, catching up with her.

                          REY
           What are you doing?

                          (HE BEEPS)
           You have to go back.
           (he BEEPS again)

                          REY (CONT'D)
           BB-8. No, you can't -- you have to
           go back, you're too important.
           They'll help you.
          Then, ANOTHER SOUND -- LOUDER NOW -- they LOOK UP AGAIN: in
          front of the system attack, A FLEET OF FIRST ORDER SHIPS
          ROAR OVERHEAD, TOWARD THE CASTLE! Rey's heart sinks: HER

          FRIENDS ARE IN DANGER!

          INT. MAZ'S CASTLE - BASEMENT CORRIDOR - DAY

          Maz leads Han, Finn and Chewie down the hall, fast:

                          MAZ
           I've had this for ages...

          MAZ'S CASTLE - TREASURE ROOM - DAY
          Maz opens the box -- holds out the lightsaber to Finn:

                          MAZ
           Kept it locked away.

                          HAN
           Where'd you get that?

                          MAZ
           A good question for another time.

                          (TO FINN)
           Take it! Find your friend!
          Finn grabs it as the room is SHAKEN by an above ground attack.

                          MAZ (CONT'D)
           Those beasts! They're here!

          EXT. FOREST - DAY

          Rey and BB-8 race fast back toward the castle -- EXPLOSION
          SOUNDS can be HEARD from the direction they're headed!

          EXT. FOREST - DAY

          Rey races through the trees -- sees Maz' castle -- BEING
          DESTROYED BY FIRST ORDER SHIPS! Aliens RUNNING, GETTING
          OBLITERATED by SCREAMING TIE FIGHTERS! Other TIE FIGHTERS
          and TRANSPORTERS LAND, STORMTROOPERS in attack.
          Just then, filtered RADIO CALLS get Rey's attention: nearby
          STORMTROOPERS have spotted her, AND FIRE!

                          STORMTROOPER
           FN-417, hold position!
          Rey takes cover, grabs her BLASTER -- but IT WON'T FIRE!
          She panics, then realizes:

                          REY
           Safety!
          SHE SWITCHES OFF THE SAFETY and FIRES BACK! HITS TWO TROOPERS
          and retreats, calls to BB-8:
          BB-8 follows Rey AWAY FROM THE CASTLE, firing back at more
          chasing Troopers!

          EXT. MAZ' CASTLE RUINS - DAY

          Kylo Ren moves through the DEBRIS. A Stormtrooper approaches:

                          STORMTROOPER #4
           Sir, the droid was spotted heading
           west, with a girl.
          Kylo Ren LOOKS BACK SHARPLY, in Rey's direction --

          EXT. FOREST - DAY

          Rey and BB-8 move swiftly, terrified -- she stops them:

                          REY
           You have to keep going, stay out of
           sight, I'll try to fight 'em off.
           (BB-8 BEEPS; bravely
           through her fear)
           I hope so, too.
          BB-8 BEEPS and heads off -- Rey RUNS and TAKES COVER behind
          a massive, mossy tree. TIGHT on her TERRIFIED FACE --

          EXT. CASTLE DEBRIS - DAY

          Han, Chewie, Finn and Maz, exhausted, CLIMB UP, peek through
          debris.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          HAN
           Come on, Chewie!
          Maz turns to Finn:

                          MAZ
           Rey and BB-8, they need you. Now
           go.

                          FINN
           I need a weapon.
          Maz grabs his wrist -- holds up his hand -- THE SABER.

                          MAZ
           You have one!
          He looks at her questioningly -- he's supposed to use the
          lightsaber?! He TURNS IT ON.
          HAN AND CHEWIE RUN, TAKE COVER from BLASTS, FIRING BACK at
          Stormtroopers, taking some out!

                          HAN
           Hey, can I try that?
          Han borrows Chewbacca's bowcaster, fires on Stormtroopers
          and sends them flying.

                          HAN (CONT'D)

                          (TO CHEWBACCA)
           I like this thing.
          FINN SURPRISES A STORMTROOPER WITH THE LIGHTSABER, then
          another! Untrained, he's athletic, brave, impressive. One
          Stormtrooper has a MACE --

                          STORMTROOPER
           Traitor!
          FINN and the TROOPER WITH THE MACE battle. The Mace Trooper
          KNOCKS FINN DOWN! The Stormtrooper is about to end him,
          when THE STORMTROOPER IS SHOT AND FALLS!
          Wide-eyed Finn sees Han run over, having fired the blast!
          Han helps him up.

                          HAN
           You okay, Big deal?

                         

                          FINN
           Thanks!
          But TEN STORMTROOPERS come over a RISE, BLASTERS AIMED.

                          STORMTROOPER
           Don't move! TK-338, we have targets
           in custody!

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          No way out, they DROP THEIR WEAPONS: TIGHT on the LIGHTSABER
          as it HITS THE GROUND. A STORMTROOPER HAND picks it up.
          Han's MIND RACES as a SQUAD OF TROOPERS appears behind them.
          Finn, Han and Chewie are MARCHED by Stormtroopers back toward
          a transport, hands on their heads.
          But then -- A FAMILIAR ROAR RIPPING ACROSS THE LAKE -- Han
          turns -- they all do: coming toward them across the water, X-

          WINGS AND RESISTANCE SPACECRAFT APPEAR, BEGIN FIRING AT THE

          FIRST ORDER SHIPS!

          PUSH IN ON HAN, HOPE SURGING -- CHEWIE TALKS.

                          STORMTROOPER (CONT'D)
           We have incoming at two-eight-point-
           six! Move! Dispatch! Move!
           Scramble all squads! Repeat, scramble
           all squads! Anti-air cover en route
           to our position!

                          HAN
           It's the Resistance.
          One X-WING in particular -- MARKED IN BLACK -- SWOOPS DOWN
          and takes out the parked TIE FIGHTERS and Troopers!

          INT. POE'S X-WING - DAY

          It's Poe Dameron at the stick of his X-wing.

                          POE
           Go straight ahead and don't let these
           dogs scare you!

           JESS (V.O.)
           Copy that!

           SNAP (V.O.)
           We're with you, Poe!
          The Stormtroopers around Finn, Han and Chewie SCATTER, TOSSED
          in EXPLOSIONS! The LIGHTSABER LANDS AGAIN -- FINN PICKS IT

          UP.

                          HAN
           Quick!
          Chewie picks up his Bowcaster, Han takes the blaster. Shoots
          a Trooper.

                          FINN
           Woohoo! YEAH! That's one helluva
           pilot!

          INT. POE'S X-WING - DAY


                          POE

           WOOHOO!

          EXT. FOREST - DAY

          In the darkened woods, Rey, terrified, keeps her blaster
          aimed. Her eyes dart around for her pursuer.
          And then: THE UNIQUE SOUND OF KYLO REN'S RASPING LIGHTSABER
          COMING TO LIFE -- A SOUND she's HEARD BEFORE in the FORCEBACK.
          Rey's heart skips a beat: she's even more scared now.
          Kylo Ren appears from behind a tree -- Rey FIRES again and
          again -- Kylo Ren moves toward her, USING HIS LIGHTSABER TO

          DEFLECT EVERY BLAST.
          She FIRES ferociously, but Kylo Ren keeps coming! His hand
          rises -- Rey suddenly STOPS -- GASPS -- UNABLE TO MOVE.

                          KYLO REN
           The girl I've heard so much about.
          He walks AROUND HER, slowly, she won't let herself cry.

           KYLO REN (CONT'D)
           The droid.
          He comes around to see her face. After a scary beat he WHIPS

          HIS SABER UP TO HER EYES, ILLUMINATING HER FACE.

           KYLO REN (CONT'D)
           Where is it?

          WIDE SHOT: THE EPIC BATTLE BETWEEN RESISTANCE AND FIRST

          ORDER TROOPS, REFLECTED IN THE STILL LAKE.

                          STORMTROOPER
           Request air support!

          EXT. FOREST - DAY

          Kylo Ren TURNS OFF HIS SABER, reaches up... and REACHES
          TOWARDS REY'S FACE. She can't move, strains in agony. After
          a beat, surprised by what he finds, he removes his hand.
          She is relieved but still afraid.

                          KYLO REN
           The map. You've seen it.
          Rey is horrified. He TOUCHES HER FACE again: the pain, tears
          stream. Kylo Ren, taking more from her mind...
          She stares at him, TERRIFIED, straining in agony --
          Kylo Ren, mid-interrogation, TURNS TOWARD THE SOUND OF THE
          EXPLOSIONS. Stormtroopers APPROACH through the woods.

                          STORMTROOPER #5
           Sir, Resistance fighters! We need
           more troops.
          Kylo Ren TURNS BACK TO Rey, his hand still on her face.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          KYLO REN
           Pull the division out. Forget the
           droid. We have what we need.
          A GESTURE from Kylo Ren and REY LOSES CONSCIOUSNESS, FALLS

          FROM FRAME!

          EXT. CASTLE DEBRIS - DAY

          The BLACK-MARKED X-WING SWOOPS DOWN again, FIRING, EXPLODING
          another TIE Fighter! On the ground:

                          STORMTROOPER
           Pull back the tree line!
          Han and Chewie dodge debris, FIRING and TAKING OUT TROOPERS.
          FINN takes out 2 TROOPERS with the blaster, then, out of
          breath, turns to see: Kylo Ren in the forest, CARRYING REY
          IN HIS ARMS, INTO HIS SHUTTLE! Finn's heart SHATTERS --
          Han stops -- turns -- sees Kylo Ren entering his shuttle.
          Han is ROCKED.

                          FINN

           NO!! REY!!!
          Heroically, Finn runs toward the shuttle through LASER BLASTS
          AND EXPLOSIONS, but the shuttle TAKES OFF -- Finn irrationally

          CHASES IT, SCREAMS DESPERATELY:

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           No, no, no, no... REY!!
          In crazed frustration, Finn stops running, watches the
          receding First Order ships, Rey their captive.

          EXT. FOREST - DAY

          BB-8 moves fast, then stops and looks up as the First Order
          ships RETREAT, OFF PLANET. A considered beat, and BB-8 heads

          BACK FOR THE CASTLE.

          EXT. MAZ'S CASTLE RUINS - DAY

          Post battle. Finn runs to Han:

                          FINN
           He took her! Did you see that? He
           took her. She's gone!

                          HAN

                          (WALKS PAST)
           Yeah, yeah, I know...
          And he and Chewie head off.

          EXT. MAZ'S CASTLE RUINS - DAY

          Han moves toward a RESISTANCE TRANSPORT landing in the debris.
          BB-8 rolls up beside him, in wait for the transport.
          ON HAN'S FACE, knowing exactly what's about to happen.
          Finally, the transport door opens.
          And standing there is LEIA.
          She sees Han and is stunned. A silent beat, husband and
          wife reunited for the first time in years. In the smoke and
          embers, no one says a word.
          Then C-3PO walks out from the transport, into the field:

                          C-3PO
           Goodness! Han Solo! It is I, See-
           Threepio!
           (sees Han, stops)
           You probably don't recognize me
           because of the red arm.
           (sees Leia,

                          INCREASINGLY AWKWARD)
           Look who it is! Did you see who?
           Oh. Excuse me, Prin-- uh, General.
           Sorry. Come along, BB-8. Quickly.

                          (BB-8 BEEPS)
           Yes, I must get my proper arm
           reinstalled.
          He hurries off. Finally, alone again.

                          HAN
           You changed your hair.

                          LEIA
           Same jacket.

                          HAN
           No, new jacket.
          Chewie glad to see Leia, greets her with a hug. Chewie MOANS
          a few words, looks at Han then boards the ship.
          It is complicated and loving and painful. Han says, quietly:

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           ... I saw him. Leia, I saw our son.
           He was here.
          Leia hears this.
          Maz watches through the smoke.

          EXT. SPACE - DAY

          The FALCON and surviving X-WINGS ROAR past camera toward a

          PLANET WITH GREEN FLORA AND A RING OF ASTEROIDS.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          This is D'QAR.

          EXT. D'QAR - DAY

          The SHIPS DESCENDING among grassy mounds and sunken
          structures.

          EXT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          LARGE GRASS MOUNDS cover HANGARS, beneath the odd, giant
          trees. BOOM DOWN as RESISTANCE GROUND CREW direct an X-WING
          to a LANDING. In the FOREGROUND, another X-wing canopy OPENS,
          a PILOT climbs out. PAN TO REVEAL the landed Millennium
          Falcon. Finn runs down the ramp, UP TO CAMERA, desperate,
          searching.
          Then BB-8 SPEEDS RIGHT PAST HIM, almost knocking him down --
          Finn watches as BB-8 rolls over to the PILOT GETTING OUT OF
          THE BLACK-MARKED X-WING. The Pilot's helmet comes off.

          IT IS POE!
          Finn can't believe what he's seeing. And Poe, kneeling in
          WARM REUNION with BB-8, listens and reacts to something the
          droid tells him. Poe looks up and sees Finn -- and he can't
          believe it either! Poe smiles, points at Finn. From a
          distance, Finn gestures in sheer amazement that Poe is alive.

                          FINN
           Poe. Poe Dameron.
          They move to each other -- and embrace.

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           You're alive!

                          POE
           So are you!

                          FINN
           What happened to you?

                          POE
           What happened? I got thrown from
           the crash, woke up at night -- no
           you, no ship, nothing--
          BB-8 BEEPS -- Poe listens, turns to Finn.

                          POE (CONT'D)
           BB-8 says that you saved him.

                          FINN
           No, no, no. It wasn't just me.

                          POE
           You completed my mission, Finn.
           That's my jacket?

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          FINN
           Oh here.

                          POE
           No, no, no. Keep it. It suits you.
           You're a good man, Finn.

                          FINN
           Poe -- I need your help.

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          MOVE FAST with Finn and Poe. Finn takes in this makeshift
          command center, buried deep among vines and roots. They
          arrive at Leia, who stands with a group of Resistance
          Officers, including ADMIRALS ACKBAR and STATURA:

                          POE
           General Organa. Sorry to interrupt,
           this is Finn, he needs to talk to

                          YOU --

                          LEIA
           (takes Finn's hand)
           And I need to talk to him. That was
           incredibly brave, what you did.
           Renouncing the First Order, saving
           this man's life --

                          FINN
           (surprised she knows)
           Thank you, ma'am -- but a friend of
           mine was taken prisoner--

                          LEIA
           Han told me about the girl, I'm sorry.
          Finn is startled -- Poe jumps in:

                          POE
           Finn's familiar with the weapon that
           destroyed the Hosnian system. He
           worked on the base.

                          LEIA
           We're desperate for anything you can
           tell us.

                          FINN
           That's where my friend was taken --
           I've got to get there, fast.

                          LEIA
           And I will do everything I can to
           help, but first you must tell us all
           you know.

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          Chewbacca sits on a bed in the med bay. DR. KALONIA uses a
          device to help heal his shoulder. Chewie TALKS.

           DR. KALONIA

                          (CHEWIE TALKS)
           That sounds very scary.

                          (CHEWIE TALKS)
           You must be so brave.
          Chewie agrees.

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          C-3PO takes the DATA DEVICE from BB-8 and inserts it into a
          BASE COMPUTER. THE PROJECTED MAP APPEARS in HOLOGRAM. Leia
          enters, studying it, dispirited. PAN as she moves, REVEALING
          HAN. C-3PO is here and some others.

                          C-3PO
           General, I regret to inform you, but
           this map recovered from BB-8 is only
           partially complete. And even worse,
           it matches no charted system on
           record. We simply do not have enough
           information to locate Master Luke.

                          LEIA
           I can't believe I was so foolish to
           think that I could just find Luke
           and bring him home.

                          HAN
           Leia...

                          LEIA
           Don't do that.

                          HAN
           Do what?
           She heads off.

                          LEIA
           Anything.
           Flummoxed, Han follows looking at C-3PO.

                          C-3PO
           Princesses.
          Han follows Leia across the base floor:

                          HAN
           I'm trying to be helpful!

                         

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          LEIA
           When did that ever help? And don't
           say the Death Star.

                          HAN

                          (SIGHS)

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          LOW WITH BB-8 as he rolls over and finds, under a dark and
          dusty tarp in a corner, R2-D2. BB-8 BEEPS at R2, pulls off
          the tarp and tries to start a conversation. But R2 DOESN'T
          RESPOND AT ALL. BB-8 tries again. Nothing. BB-8 NUDGES
          R2. Nothing. Then:

           C-3PO (O.S.)
           BB-8. You're wasting your time.
          BB-8 looks up at C-3PO, who stands there. C-3PO SIGHS.

           C-3PO (CONT'D)
           It is very doubtful that R2 would
           have the rest of the map in his backup
           data.

                          (BB-8 BEEPS)
           I am afraid not. R2-D2 has been in
           low power mode ever since Master
           Luke went away. Sadly, he may never
           be his old self again.

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          Leia hears the change in Han's voice and softens. She turns.

                          HAN
           Listen to me, will you? I know every
           time you... every time you look at
           me, you're reminded of him.

                          LEIA
           You think I want to forget him? I
           want him back!
          Han looks at her with sympathy.

                          HAN
           There was nothing we could've done.
           (hard for him to say)
           There was too much Vader in him.

                          LEIA
           That's why I wanted him to train
           with Luke. I just never should have
           sent him away. That's when I lost
           him. That's when I lost you both.

                         

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          HAN
           We both had to deal with it in our
           own way. I went back to the only
           thing I was ever good at.

                          LEIA
           We both did.

                          HAN
           We lost our son, forever.

                          LEIA
           No.

                          (LONG BEAT)
           It was Snoke.
          Han takes this in.

                          LEIA (CONT'D)
           He seduced our son to the dark side.
           But we can still save him. Me.
           You.

                          HAN
           If Luke couldn't reach him, how could

           I?

                          LEIA
           Luke is a Jedi... you're his father.
           There's still light in him. I know
           it.

                          GENERAL STATURA
           General, the reconnaissance report
           on the enemy base is coming.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - HOLDING CELL - DAY

          Rey wakes, disoriented. She is in an angled, upright
          restraining rig. Looks over, startled to see Kylo Ren, mask
          in place, standing there.

                          REY
           Where am I?

                          KYLO REN

                          (LONG BEAT)
           You're my guest.

                          REY
           Where are the others?

                          KYLO REN
           You mean the murderers, traitors and
           thieves you call friends?
           (Rey stares at him)
           You'll be relieved to hear that I
           have no idea.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          Rey studies him. She's fearful... but curious.

           KYLO REN (CONT'D)
           You still want to kill me.

                          REY
           That happens when you're being hunted
           by a creature in a mask.
          Kylo Ren stops, considers her... then reaches up, unlatches
          and REMOVES HIS MASK. Rey reacts, stunned. It takes a moment
          before she regains her own mask of defiance.

                          KYLO REN
           Tell me about the droid.

                          REY
           (a nervous beat)
           He's a BB unit with a selenium drive
           and a thermal hyperscan vindicator --

                          KYLO REN
           He's carrying a section of a
           navigational chart. We have the
           rest, recovered from archives of the
           Empire. We need the last piece.
           And somehow, you convinced the droid
           to show it to you. You. A scavenger --
          Rey reacts -- afraid -- how does he know?

           KYLO REN (CONT'D)
           You know I can take whatever I want.
          Trepidation flashes across Rey's eyes. Kylo Ren moves closer,
          his hand rising toward her. She recoils, but has nowhere to
          go. Kylo Ren nearly TOUCHES HER FACE...
          THEY'RE BOTH SURPRISED: they react to a feeling that passes
          between them -- AN ENERGY THEY RECOGNIZE IN EACH OTHER.
          And then it's gone. Adversaries again. Rey can't move,
          quietly strains in agony, trying to resist Ren's probing.

           KYLO REN (CONT'D)
           ... You're so lonely... so afraid to
           leave...
           (then, slight smile)
           At night, desperate to sleep... you
           imagine an ocean. I see it -- I see
           the island...
          Tears stream down her face as she resists. She tries to
          break free, but can't budge.

           KYLO REN (CONT'D)
           And Han Solo. You feel like he's
           the father you never had. He would've
           disappointed you.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          His hand still on her face, her eyes fierce through the agony:

                          REY
           -- Get out of my head --
          But this just makes Kylo lean closer.

                          KYLO REN
           I know you've seen the map. It's in
           there... and now you'll give it to
           me. Don't be afraid. I feel it
           too.
          Where her strength comes from, she doesn't know, but:

                          REY
           I'm not giving you anything.

                          KYLO REN
           We'll see.
          He peers into her eyes intensely. She meets his gaze --

          DESPITE THE PAIN SHE IS STRONG.
          On Ren's face as HIS CONFIDENCE BEGINS TO MELT AWAY. He has
          slammed up against a barrier in her mind. He looks less
          certain by the moment as Rey seems to GROW IN STRENGTH. The
          FEROCITY of confrontation builds until it hits critical mass

          AND REY DOES THE UNTHINKABLE! SHE ENTERS HIS HEAD, AMAZED

          AT WHAT SHE IS SEEING!

                          REY
           ... You... you're afraid... that you
           will never be as strong as... Darth
           Vader!
          KYLO REN SUDDENLY WITHDRAWS HIS HAND, as if her face were
          FIRE HOT. TAKES A STEP BACK, CONFUSED, RATTLED. Rey's body
          is released, she breathes deeply, her powerful eyes still on
          Kylo Ren, who starts to leave.
          And we PRELAP:

           SNOKE (V.O.)
           This scavenger, resisted you?

          INT. STARKILLER PLANET - ASSEMBLY ROOM - NIGHT

          Kylo Ren, mask off, stands before Snoke.

                          KYLO REN
           She's strong with the Force, untrained
           but, stronger than she knows.
          And while Ren's mind no doubt goes to Luke:

                          SNOKE
           And the droid?

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          Kylo Ren hesitates to reveal the truth. Then:

           GENERAL HUX (O.S.)
           Ren believed it was no longer valuable
           to us.
          Ren turns back -- Hux enters the large space, moves to the
          platform beside Ren.

           GENERAL HUX (CONT'D)
           That the girl was all we needed. As
           a result, the droid has most likely
           been returned to the hands of the
           enemy. They may have the map already.
          Snoke is visibly furious.

                          SNOKE
           Then the Resistance must be destroyed
           before they get to Skywalker.

                          GENERAL HUX
           We have their location. We tracked
           their reconnaissance ship to the
           Ileenium system.

                          SNOKE
           Good. Then we will crush them once
           and for all. Prepare the weapon.
          Kylo Ren is stunned by the moment -- that isn't what he meant
          at all --

                          KYLO REN
           Supreme Leader. I can get the map
           from the girl. I just need your
           guidance.

                          SNOKE
           If what you say about this girl is
           true, bring her to me.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - HOLDING CELL - DAY

          SLOW PUSH IN ON REY, shackled, mind still racing over what's
          happened between her and Kylo Ren. She is flooded with
          emotions, feeling her potential, her strength, that in this
          moment of being restrained, perhaps anything is possible.
          She turns to the Stormtrooper Guard. Studies him for an
          intense beat. Then says:

                          REY
           You will remove these restraints.
           And leave this cell, with the door
           open.
          The Stormtrooper Guard looks at her. A beat.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          TROOPER GUARD #2
           What did you say?
          Rey's eyes stay trained on him. She shifts in her seat, her
          confidence wavering, but she repeats, with authority:

                          REY
           You will remove these restraints.
           And leave this cell, with the door
           open.
          The Stormtrooper Guard, rifle aimed, MOVES FOR HER.
          Rey's heart pounds -- is she about to be killed, freed, or
          laughed at? The tension unbearable when the Guard says:

                          TROOPER GUARD #2
           I'll tighten those restraints,
           scavenger scum!

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - CORRIDOR 1 - DAY

          LOW ANGLE: Kylo Ren, masked, rounds a corner, PASSES US.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - HOLDING CELL - DAY

          Rey stares intently at the trooper. Calms herself. And
          tries again.

                          REY
           You will remove these restraints.
           And leave this cell, with the door
           open.

                          TROOPER GUARD #2
           I will remove these restraints. And
           leave this cell, with the door open.
          He reaches down and UNLATCHES THE RESTRAINTS. HE THEN TURNS
          AND STARTS TO HEAD OUT, her back to him as he exits. SHE IS
          IN SHOCK. Then tries, quickly:

                          REY
           And you will drop your weapon.

                          TROOPER GUARD #2
           And I'll drop my weapon.
          The Trooper Guard DROPS HIS WEAPON without turning back --
          Rey HEARS the gun fall. She's incredulous. The guard has

          LEFT THE CELL, ITS DOOR OPEN.
          REY, in ABSOLUTE DISBELIEF, MOVES QUICKLY OUT OF FRAME!

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - HOLDING CELL - DAY

          Kylo Ren enters the cell -- we PUSH IN ON HIM as he takes in
          the empty cell -- AND IMMEDIATELY UNDERSTANDS WHAT HAS

          HAPPENED.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          KYLO REN

           NO!
          Enraged, he RIPS OUT HIS SABER and --

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - CORRIDOR 1 - DAY

          WIDE ANGLE, empty corridor, toward the cell: we only HEAR
          the horrible SOUNDS. DESTRUCTION. YELLING. A few pieces
          of red hot DEBRIS BOUNCES into the corridor.
          Two STORMTROOPERS, crossing at the far end of the hall, STOP
          TO WATCH this display of pure FURY. They retreat, and fast.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - CONTROL ROOM - DAY

          Workers at their controls. Vast snowy landscape seen outside.
          Their GAUGES RISE -- THE WEAPON CHARGING SLOWLY --

                          GENERAL HUX
           Begin charging the weapon!

                          STARKILLER TECHNICIAN
           Yes, sir. Weapon charging.

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE PLANET - DAY

          A vast view of the planet -- a MASSIVE SOLARVAC ARRAY
          surrounds a port TEN MILES IN DIAMETER.
          MILLIONS OF PANELS turn on the ARRAY -- a wave of BRILLIANT
          REFLECTIONS. Suddenly, like a planetary-scale TESLA COIL
          LINE OF ENERGY, THE POWER OF THE SUN begins to TRAVEL DOWN
          to the Starkiller Base planet.

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          Finn, now a member of the inner circle of the Resistance, is
          huddled with the group around the MAP TABLE, which displays
          a WIREFRAME HOLOGRAM of a ROLLING VIEW OF THE SURFACE OF
          STARKILLER BASE. With Finn are Han, Leia, Poe, C-3PO,
          Statura, Ackbar, Brance, SNAP, MAJOR EMATT (60), NIEN NUNB,
          and others. An urgent, messy strategy session --

                          POE
           The scan data from Snap's
           reconnaissance flight confirms Finn's
           report.

                          SNAP
           They've somehow created a hyper
           lightspeed weapon built within the
           planet itself.

                          BRANCE
           A laser cannon?

                         

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          SNAP
           We're not sure how to describe a
           weapon of this scale.

                          MAJOR EMATT

                          (HORRIBLE MEMORIES)
           It's another Death Star.

                          POE
           I wish that were the case, Major.
          Poe hits a control. A WIREFRAME OF THE DEATH STAR APPEARS.

                          POE (CONT'D)
           This was the Death Star.
          Poe hits another control -- the Death Star SHRINKS -- AND
          SHRINKS AND SHRINKS, as the SURFACE AREA OF THE STARKILLER

          BASE IS DRAWN INTO A LARGER IMAGE, REVEALING THE ENTIRE BASE
          PLANET. The Death Star is a minuscule SATELLITE in
          comparison.

                          POE (CONT'D)
           This is Starkiller Base.
          This is news to many here, and they're stunned.

                          HAN
           So it's big.

                          ADMIRAL ACKBAR
           How is it possible to power a weapon
           of this size?

                          FINN
           It uses the power of the sun. As
           the weapon is charged, the sun is
           drained until it disappears.
          An OFFICER runs up, hands Leia a DATACARD.

                          LEIA
           (eyes on datacard)
           The First Order: they're charging
           the weapon again, now.
           (then, heart sinking)
           Our system is the next target.

                          C-3PO
           Oh my. Without the Republic fleet,
           we're doomed.
          They all react to this horrible news.

                          HAN
           Okay, how do we blow it up?
           (all eyes on him)
           There's always a way to do that.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          But no one has anything. Leia watches the silence,
          frustrated. Finally, rallying them:

                          LEIA
           Han's right.
          Han is surprised.

                          ADMIRAL STATURA
           (at first hesitant)
           In order for that amount of power to
           be contained, that base would need
           some kind of thermal oscillator...

                          FINN
           There is one.
          All eyes on Finn as he moves around the hologram to a location
          on the Starkiller Base -- it is ZOOMED IN: A GIANT BLACK

          HEXAGONAL STRUCTURE.

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           Precinct 47. Here.

                          ADMIRAL STATURA

                          (HYPOTHESIZING)
           If we can destroy that oscillator,
           it might de-stabilize the core and
           cripple the weapon.

                          MAJOR EMATT
           ... Maybe the planet.
          Poe then tries to bolster spirits, looking at the BIG
          HEXAGONAL STRUCTURE: the Oscillator.

                          POE
           We'll go in there and we'll hit that
           oscillator with everything we got.

                          ADMIRAL ACKBAR
           They have defensive shields that our
           ships cannot penetrate.

                          HAN
           We disable the shields.

                          (TO FINN)
           Kid, you worked there, what do you
           got?

                          FINN
           (beat, then:)
           I can do it.

                          HAN
           I like this guy.

                         

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          FINN
           I can disable the shields. But I
           have to be there, on the planet--

                          HAN
           We'll get you there.

                          LEIA
           Han, how?

                          HAN
           If I told you, you wouldn't like it.

                          POE
           So we disable the shields, take out
           the oscillator and we blow up their
           big gun. All right. Let's go!
          And everyone splits.

          EXT. HANGARS, RESISTANCE BASE - DAY


          SERIES OF SHOTS: THE RESISTANCE FLEET PREPARES FOR ITS
          MISSION. Pilots inspect crafts, including Snap, Nien Nunb,
          and Poe at his black-marked X-wing. Mechanics make
          adjustments as Crews fuel the jets. Ground controllers move
          ships into takeoff formation. Pilots prep their ships,
          including BB-8, who is PULLED INTO Poe's black X-wing.
          Finn approaches Poe wearing the jacket.
          Poe slaps Finn's shoulder as he heads off. Finn watches
          Poe, despite it all, a little laugh. Over this:

          EXT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          Chewie and Finn follow Han's orders as they prepare the Falcon
          for one more daring run, maybe its last:

                          HAN
           Chewie, check that donal capitator.
           Come on. Let's go. -- Finn, be
           careful with those - they're
           explosives.

                          FINN
           Now you tell me?

                          LEIA
           No matter how much we fought, I've
           always hated watching you leave.
          Han looks over, there's Leia.

                          HAN
           That's what I did it. So you'd miss
           me.
          She laughs, moves up close to him.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          LEIA
           I did miss you.
          He looks at her, says sweetly, out of the blue:

                          HAN
           It wasn't all bad, was it? Huh?
           Some of it was...good.

                          LEIA
           ... Pretty good.

                          HAN
           Some things never change.

                          LEIA

                          (SMILES)
           True. You still drive me crazy.
          Han places his hands on her shoulders. It could be thirty
          years ago.
          They both know there's a good chance he won't make it back.
          They pull each other tight, holding for dear life. Quietly,

                         LONGINGLY:

                          LEIA (CONT'D)
           If you see our son again, bring him
           home.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - DAY


                          STORMTROOPER
           Sir, sensors triggered in hangar
           718. We're searching the area.

                          KYLO REN
           She's just beginning to test her
           powers. The longer it takes to find
           her, the more dangerous she becomes.
          Kylo exits.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - ATRIUM AREA - DAY

          TIGHT ON REY'S FACE as she peers nervously around a corner.
          Rey runs down a long, glossy hall, taking cover in an alcove,
          the Trooper Guard's rifle HELD TIGHT.

          EXT. LIGHTSPEED SPACE - DAY

          The Falcon SCREAMS PAST --

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY

          Flying at LIGHTSPEED, Finn, with Han and Chewie.

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          FINN
           How are we getting in?

                          HAN
           Their shields have a fractional
           refresh rate. Keeps anything
           traveling slower than lightspeed
           from getting through.
          Finn is suddenly filled with dread.

                          FINN
           We're gonna make our landing approach
           at lightspeed?!
          Chewie, thinking it's crazy too, says: HELL YES WE ARE!

                          HAN
           Alright, Chewie, get ready.
          Chewie GROANS: he's ready. Han studies the PANEL INDICATORS.

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           And Now!
          Chewie and Han hit switches --

                         

          EXT. LIGHTSPEED SPACE/STARKILLER BASE - DAY

          The Falcon's ENVIRONMENT SHIFTS INSTANTLY FROM LIGHTSPEED TO
          PLANET ATMOSPHERE -- it's suddenly FLYING 100 FEET ABOVE THE

          SNOWY, ROCKY GROUND, HEADED FOR A THICK FOREST!

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY


                         CHEWIE GROANS:

                          HAN

           I AM PULLING UP!!!

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - DAY

          But the Falcon has no time -- it PLOWS through the trees!
          It then RISES --

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY

          ALARMS BLARE as the ship SLAMS THROUGH BRANCHES, SHOOTS TOWARD
          SKY! Han does his best to steer -- Chewie GROANS -- in the
          madness Han YELLS:

                          HAN
           I get any higher, they'll see us!
          And the ship DIVES again, back into the trees!

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - CLEARING - DAY

          A quiet CLEARING on the forest TREELINE. Suddenly the
          MILLENNIUM FALCON HURTLES OUT OF THE FOREST! From an eruption
          of BRANCHES and PINE, the ship DIVES -- SLAMS INTO THE SNOW!
          It DIGS THROUGH A THOUSAND YARDS OF WHITE until it finally
          comes to a canted stop, half buried in the snow!

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - DAY


                          OFFICER
           Sir, she was not found in hangar 718
           but all troops are on alert.

                          KYLO REN
           Put every hangar on lock-down. She's
           going to try to steal a ship to--
          Suddenly, Kylo senses something. Something familiar.

           KYLO REN (CONT'D)
           Han Solo...

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - DAY

          MASSIVE WIDE SHOT of an EPIC SNOWSCAPE. Han, Finn and Chewie
          cross the terrain. WALKERS appears on the horizon. Han,
          Finn and Chewie take cover behind a base structure. Chewie
          carries a BLACK DUFFEL of EXPLOSIVES.

                          FINN
           The flooding tunnels are over that
           ridge. We'll get in that way.

                          HAN
           What was your job when you were based
           here?

                          FINN
           Sanitation.

                          HAN
           Sanitation? Then how do you know
           how to disable the shields?

                          FINN
           I don't. I'm just here to get Rey.

                          HAN
           People are counting on us! The galaxy
           is counting on us--!

                          FINN
           Solo, we'll figure it out! We'll
           use the Force!

                          HAN
           That's not how the Force works--!

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          Chewie MOANTALKS.

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           Oh really, you're cold?

                          FINN
           Come on!
          They follow Finn on the snowy hike. On the horizon, THE

          LASER SIPHON SHOOTING INTO THE SKY, SLOWLY SUCKING THE SUN

          DRY.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - CONTROL ROOM - DAY

          Technicians at work, the SUN SUCKING seen in the window behind
          him.

                          GENERAL HUX
           Report.

           FIRST ORDER OFFICER
           Weapon charged in fifteen minutes,
           sir.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - CORRIDOR 4 - DAY

          A STORMTROOPER waits to board a Transport Compartment. The
          door WHOOSHES open -- HAN, FINN and CHEWIE are there!

                          STORMTROOPER FN-9330
           Hey!
          He fumbles for his blaster but Chewie shoots first. WIDE
          ANGLE of the corridor as the Trooper flies back, dead.
          Chewie drags him out of sight. Han and Finn peer around a
          corner, wary.

                          HAN
           The longer we're here, less luck
           we're going to have. The shields?

                          FINN
           I have an idea about that.
          Han and Chewie follow Finn.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - CORRIDOR - DAY

          Captain Phasma heads down a corridor, distant Stormtroopers.
          Suddenly Phasma is T-BONED HARD AND FAST -- SHOVED OUT OF

          FRAME BY CHEWIE!
          And now we're in a NARROW CROSS-CORRIDOR, CHEWIE WITH HIS

          ARMS AROUND PHASMA, FORCED TO FACE FINN, WHO HOLDS HIS BLASTER
          ON HIS FORMER CAPTAIN. Han stands behind Finn.

                          FINN
           Remember me?

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          CAPTAIN PHASMA

           FN-2187.

                          FINN
           Not anymore. The name's Finn, and
           I'm in charge. I'm in charge now,
           Phasma. I'm in charge.

                          HAN
           Bring it down. Bring it down.

                          FINN
           Follow me.
          Finn SMILES as we CUT TO:

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - ATRIUM AREA - DAY

          TIGHT ON REY'S FACE as she peers nervously around a corner.
          Rey runs down a long, glossy hall, taking cover in an alcove,
          the Trooper Guard's rifle HELD TIGHT.
          From this alcove, she can see down another LONG, PERPENDICULAR
          WALKWAY -- on one side, a STONE AND STEEL WALL. On the other
          side, a VAST ATRIUM, with a railing-free DROP OFF, the white
          pill-light design descending HUNDREDS OF FEET.
          At the end of this walkway is an OPEN HANGAR DOOR, revealing
          HUNDREDS OF TIE FIGHTERS parked outside.
          TIGHT on Rey's face as her plan is clear. But the problem:
          between her and the ship she wants to steal, is a GROUP OF
          STORMTROOPERS. Guards, in conversation.
          As she tries to think about what to do next, we see, FAR
          BEHIND HER in the perpendicular hall, ANOTHER GROUP OF STORM-
          and SNOWTROOPERS headed her way!
          Rey's mind races -- another peek out and she RUNS FAST, across
          the walkway, and CLIMBS DOWN -- her fingertips disappearing
          over the edge just as the Troopers approach and continue.
          WIDE SHOT as Rey holds on carefully as the guards walk off,
          not seeing her over the edge, a death drop below her.
          But then she SEES SOMETHING and has a brainstorm. She
          strenuously cross-climbs to an invisible SERVICE HATCH, which
          She opens, and climbs INSIDE THE WALL, closing the hatch
          behind her.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - INSIDE THE WALLS - DAY

          A REMARKABLE IMAGE, inside the inner workings of the base.
          Tiny by comparison, Rey climbs amid the incredible
          infrastructure, a drop to infinity beneath her. She is
          between the LIGHT SOURCE and the WHITE PILL SHAPES, as she
          makes her way ACROSS.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - ATRIUM AREA - DAY

          WIDE SHOT of the Stormtrooper GUARDS, above the drop off
          into the atrium. What they cannot see is a SHADOWED
          SILHOUETTE OF REY against the ENDLESS WHITE PILL LIGHTS as
          she climbs across the space, beneath them, toward her exit!

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - CONTROL ACCESS POINT - DAY

          CLOSE AS PHASMA SITS INTO FRAME in front of a WORKSTATION --
          Finn, Han and Chewie, blasters aimed. Phasma reluctantly
          works controls on the workstation.

                          FINN
           You want me to blast that bucket off
           your head? Lower the shields.

                          CAPTAIN PHASMA
           You're making a big mistake.

                          FINN
           Do it.
          Chewie MOAN/TALKS. Phasma hits a few more buttons -- the
          controls BEEP-CLICK. "SHIELDS DISABLE INITIATE". Eyes on

                         THE WORKSTATION:

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           Solo, if this works, we're not going
           to have a lot of time to find Rey.

                          HAN
           Don't worry kid, we won't leave here
           without her.
          The controls BEEP-CLICK. "SHIELDS DISABLED".

                          CAPTAIN PHASMA
           (to Finn, cruel)
           You can't be so stupid as to think
           this will be easy. My troops will
           storm this block and kill you all.

                          FINN
           I disagree. What do we do with her?

                          HAN
           Is there a garbage chute? Trash
           compactor?

                          FINN
           Yeah, there is...

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          An ALERT: OFFICERS at their consoles, OVERLAPPING, urgent.

                         

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          OFFICER
           General, their shields
           are down!

                          C-3PO
           Thank the Maker!

                          LEIA
           Han did it! Send them
           in!

                          ADMIRAL STATURA
           Give Poe full authorization
           to attack.

                          REAR ADMIRAL

                          GULCH
           Black Leader, go to
           sub-lights. On your
           call.

          INT. X-WING - DAY

          At LIGHTSPEED, Poe pilots:

                          POE
           Roger, base -- red squad, blue squad,
           take my lead.

          INT. X-WING - DAY

          Nien Nunb pilots, acknowledges order in alien language.

          INT. X-WING - DAY

          Another pilot, ZOLO ZIFF.

                          YOLO ZIFF
           Dropping out of lightspeed.

          EXT. SPACE/STARKILLER BASE - DAY

          With CONCUSSIVE BLASTS, the X-WINGS APPEAR and ROAR PAST
          CAMERA toward the Starkiller Base planet!

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - CLEARING - DAY

          The CRASHED FALCON, two parked TIE FIGHTERS and a TROOP
          TRANSPORT VEHICLE beside it.

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - CLEARING - DAY

          At a distance, the X-WINGS DROP FROM THE SKY, TOWARD THE

          HEXAGONAL OSCILLATOR STRUCTURE IN THE DISTANCE!

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - ABOVE OSCILLATOR - DAY

          The squad of X-wings DIVE BOMBS the Oscillator, the Black
          Falcon leads. INTERCUT BETWEEN THIS AND VARIOUS X-WINGS.

          INT. X-WING - DAY


                         POE PILOTS:

                          POE
           Almost in range! Hit the target
           dead center, as many runs as we can
           get!

          INT. X-WING - DAY

          Snap pilots.

                          SNAP
           Approaching target.

          INT. X-WING - DAY

          Nien Nunb acknowledges.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - CONTROL ROOM - DAY

          LARGE EXPLOSIONS atop the DISTANT OSCILLATOR, seen through
          the large windows! ALARMS BLARE in here -- we PULL BACK as
          Hux moves quickly to see the damage, he turns sharply to a
          First Order Officer:

                          GENERAL HUX
           Dispatch all squadrons...

                          COLONEL DATOO
           Yes, General.

          INT. X-WING - DAY


                          POE
           Let's light it up!

          DIVE BOMBING THE OSCILLATOR, HITTING IT DEAD CENTER IN QUICK

          SUCCESSION!

          INT. X-WING - DAY


           LT. BASTIAN
           Direct hit!

                          ELLO ASTY
           But no damage!
          Jess reacts.

                          POE
           Yeah, we gotta keep hitting it!
           Another bombing run! Remember, when
           that sun is gone, that weapon will
           be ready to fire! But as long as
           there's light, we got a chance.

          INT. X-WING - DAY

          A BEEPING from BB-8, riding in the back of his X-wing, and
          Poe looks out -- can't believe what he's seeing: DOZENS OF

          TIE FIGHTERS!

                          POE
           Guys, we got a lot of company!

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - JUNCTION AREA - DAY

          Finn, Han and Chewie take cover, Chewie pulling some
          EXPLOSIVES out of the duffel. Blast doors nearby.

                          FINN
           We'll use the charges to blow that
           blast door. I'll go in and draw
           fire, but I'm gonna need cover.

                          HAN
           You sure you're up for this?

                          FINN
           Hell no -- I'll go in find and try
           to find Rey --
           (improvising, fast)
           -- The troopers'll be on our tail.
           We have to be ready for that. There's
           an access tunnel that'll leads --
           (Han starts pointing
           with his chin to

                          SOMETHING BEHIND

                          FINN)
           Why are you doing that? Why are you
           doing -- this? I'm trying to come
           up with a plan.
          Finn turns -- AND SEES REY, CLIMBING OUT FROM INSIDE THE
          WALL, carefully climbing back up to the main level! He can't
          believe it! Chewie MURMURS his relief. Han is maybe more
          grateful than anyone.

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          A Resistance Technician turns to Leia:

                          ADMIRAL ACKBAR
           The Oscillator's still standing.

                          OFFICER
           X-wings coming back for another round
           of attacks!

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - CORRIDOR 6 - DAY

          Rey climbs up to the corridor, vigilant. She hears a SOUND,
          SWOOPS her rifle at -- Finn, Han and Chewie! She cannot
          believe it! All Finn wants to do is hug her -- and she him.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          HAN
           Are you all right?

                          REY
           Yeah.

                          HAN
           Good.

                          FINN
           What happened -- did he hurt you?

                          REY
           Finn. What are you doing here?!

                          FINN
           We came back for you.
          She is speechless -- this is all she's ever wanted anyone to
          do. Chewie TALKS -- and Rey's eyes nearly tear up.

                          FINN (CONT'D)
           What'd he say?

                          REY
           (shrugs, smiles, though
           nearly in tears)
           ... That it was your idea.
          Finn awkwardly smiles. It's his nature. They embrace.

                          REY (CONT'D)
           Thank you.

                          FINN
           How did you get away?

                          REY
           I can't explain it. And you wouldn't
           believe it.

                          HAN
           Escape now. Hug later.

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - DAY

          The X-Wings DOGFIGHT with the TIE Fighters on the surface of
          the snowy planet. INTERCUT BETWEEN the ships SCREAMING past
          each other, and the COCKPITS of the Resistance and First
          Order fighters. Poe's fighter NEARLY COLLIDES with a close-
          passing TIE Fighter!

                          SNAP
           I got one behind me. See it?

                          JESS
           Yeah, I'm on it!

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          A heavy cannon emplacement launches a missile that shreds an
          X-wing fighter.

                          JESS
           Furillo's been hit!

                          SNAP
           Watch out for ground fire!

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - DAY

          The X-wings ROAR across the sky, BLASTING and DODGING the
          TIE Fighters and missiles.
          PULL BACK TO REVEAL Han, Finn, Rey and Chewie, who run out
          here, into the snow, stopping, eyes on the sky, watching the
          lop-sided battle.

          THE FOUR HEROES TURN TO EACH OTHER, RESOLVE IN THEIR EYES.
          A long moment of communication.

                          HAN
           They're in trouble. We can't leave.
           (to Finn, re: Chewie)
           My friend here has a bag full of
           explosives. Let's use 'em.

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          A Resistance Technician turns to Leia:

           KAYDEL KO CONNIX
           General, are you seeing this?

                          VOBER DAND
           Two more X-wings down. That's half
           our fleet destroyed.

                          C-3PO
           And their weapon will be fully charged
           in 10 minutes! It would take a
           miracle to save us now.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - OSCILLATOR STRUCTURE - NEAR DARKNESS

          Han and Chewie arrive here to find THREE SECURITY
          STORMTROOPERS approaching a Maintenance Hatch. Instantly,
          Chewie takes out the middle one with his Bowcaster. Han and
          the other two Stormtroopers OPEN FIRE, but Han's aim is true.

          ALARMS START BLARING!

          INT. JUNCTION STATION - NEAR DARKNESS

          Running inside from a parked snowspeeder, Rey opens a service
          hatch. Finn behind her, as she reaches into the mechanics
          of the place, very much like the very first shot we saw of
          Rey.
          And she YANKS a piece of TECH from the machinery and:

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - OSCILLATOR STRUCTURE - NEAR DARKNESS

          The HATCH OPENS! Han and Chewie, having been on the lookout,
          step inside, weapons poised. Chewie MOANS.

                          HAN
           That girl knows her stuff.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - OSCILLATOR STRUCTURE - NEAR DARKNESS

          Han and Chewie divide the explosives. Talk in hushed tones.

                          HAN
           We'll set the charges at every other
           column.
          He GROAN/TALKS to Han, who looks around, reconsiders.

                          HAN (CONT'D)
           You're right. That's a better idea.
           (checks his detonator)
           You take the top.

                          (CHEWIE DOES)
           I'll go down below. Detonator.
           We'll meet back here.
          They head off in opposite directions.

          INT. OSCILLATOR STRUCTURE - NEAR DARKNESS

          Han finishes placing an explosive. Checks he's all-clear
          and hurries down to the next level. Chewie climbs up a level.

          INT. OSCILLATOR STRUCTURE - MAIN ENTRANCE - NEAR DARKNESS

          A SQUAD of Stormtroopers SNAP to alert as Kylo Ren approaches.
          CONTROLS ARE HIT and the huge DOOR OPENS. Without hesitation,
          Kylo walks INTO THE OSCILLATOR.

          INT. OSCILLATOR STRUCTURE - NEAR DARKNESS

          A COLOSSAL CYLINDRICAL STRUCTURE. DARK CORRIDORS and
          CATWALKS. Kylo Ren comes to a stop. Scans the structure.
          SENSING SOMETHING, he motions the Stormtrooper Squad upwards.

                          KYLO REN
           Find them.
          They rush past him. Kylo Ren turns slowly, and HEADS DOWN.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - OSCILLATOR STRUCTURE - NEAR DARKNESS

          The Stormtroopers move up the ramp, weapons ready, checking
          carefully where blind corners intersect from the perimeter.
          They come round to the next higher level and PASS CLOSE TO
          CAMERA. When they've passed, TILT to find CHEWIE, in the
          shadows of the grillwork.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                         
          Once they're gone, he plants another charge.

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - OSCILLATOR STRUCTURE - NEAR DARKNESS

          The Snowspeeder comes to a stop outside the structure. Finn
          and Rey stop for a moment, look to the sky: THE SUN IS NEARLY

          GONE.

          INT. OSCILLATOR STRUCTURE - LOWER LEVEL - NIGHT

          Han finishes setting a charge and is about to move on when
          he HEARS SOMETHING and conceals himself behind a wide,
          vertical support. He peaks around the edge and his whole
          demeanor changes --
          HAN'S POV: Kylo Ren appears and stops at the railing, looking
          down into the filter.
          Han looks at his son with a tortured storm of feelings.
          WE'RE WITH KYLO REN as he resumes his hunt. He heads directly
          toward WHERE HAN IS HIDING! Kylo Ren has an INCREASING SENSE
          OF HAN'S PRESENCE as he moves closer. He comes to where Han
          was hiding -- but HAN IS NOWHERE TO BE SEEN.
          From his hiding place in a narrow, POWER CHAMBER in the wall,

          HAN WATCHES HIS SON PASS ONLY A FEW FEET IN FRONT OF HIM.
          Han SHIFTS HIS POSITION in the tight compartment, so he can
          watch Ren's progress. Kylo Ren turns onto a FLAT BRIDGE
          THAT BISECTS the open space.
          Unaware of his father, Kylo Ren walks purposefully across to
          the opposite side. Han watches his son walk off -- the CLANK-
          CLANK of Kylo Ren's boots receding.
          This is Han's opportunity to escape but Leia's words echo
          through his mind. He makes a decision and moves out, to the
          edge of the catwalk. He calls out, strongly:

                          HAN
           Ben!
          The name ECHOES as Kylo Ren STOPS, far across the vast
          catwalk. He turns.

                          KYLO REN
           Han Solo. I've been waiting for
           this day for a long time.
          Finn and Rey make their way into the space, opening a HATCH
          that allows A BEAM OF PRECIOUS SUNLIGHT to stream down like
          a spotlight on Han and his son. Finn and Rey get to a railing
          and look down. They can SEE and HEAR Han and Kylo Ren on
          the catwalk below.

                         

                         

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          HAN
           Take off that mask. You don't need
           it.

                          KYLO REN
           What do you think you'll see if I
           do?
          Han moves toward Kylo Ren.

                          HAN
           The face of my son.
          Kylo TAKES OFF HIS MASK. Han is JOLTED -- seeing the face
          of his son for the first time as a man.

                          KYLO REN
           Your son is gone. He was weak and
           foolish, like his father. So I
           destroyed him.

                          HAN
           That's what Snoke wants you to believe
           but it's not true. My son is alive.
          SEVERAL LEVELS BELOW them, CHEWIE comes to the rail to watch.

          INT. OSCILLATOR STRUCTURE - LOWER LEVEL - NEAR DARKNESS

          Kylo flares.

                          KYLO REN
           No. The Supreme Leader is wise.
          UP ABOVE, Finn, Chewie and Rey watch, rapt. Stormtroopers
          dot the perimeter of the structure, watching the scene.
          ON THE BRIDGE, Han moves closer, stern:

                          HAN
           Snoke is using you for your power.
           When he gets what he wants, he'll
           crush you -- you know it's true.
          Kylo hesitates. Somehow, he does know it.

                          KYLO REN
           It's too late.

                          HAN
           No it's not. Leave here with me.
           Come home. We miss you.
          For the first time, Kylo Ren seems truly conflicted. Tears
          flood his stoic eyes...

                          KYLO REN
           I'm being torn apart. I want to be
           free of this pain.

          INT. OSCILLATOR STRUCTURE - DARKNESS FALLS

          Han takes one step toward his son, but stops himself.

                          KYLO REN
           I know what I have to do, but I don't
           know if I have the strength to do
           it. Will you help me?
          Han hears his son's voice again, pained and vulnerable.

                          HAN
           Yes. Anything.
          Kylo Ren unholsters his lightsaber and SLOWLY EXTENDS IT to
          Han, within a foot of Han's chest. Han almost can't believe
          it. The moment seems to last forever. And just then, the
          LAST BEAM OF SUNLIGHT streaming through the open hatch

          VANISHES.
          Han actually smiles -- and reaches out for the dark weapon --
          but with the light now gone, KYLO REN'S EYES FILL WITH

          DARKNESS, HE IGNITES THE LIGHTSABER -- THE FIERY BLADE SHOOTS

          OUT, RIGHT THROUGH HAN'S CHEST AND BACK!

                          KYLO REN
           Thank you.
          ABOVE, Finn and Rey GASP -- SCREAM --

                          FINN

                          (PANTING)
           Solo.

                          REY

                          (ALSO PANTING)
           No, no.
          Han's last moment is looking into his son's face. HAN'S
          KNEES BUCKLE. The blade tilts down with him... until KYLO
          REN EXTINGUISHES IT AND HAN HOLDS onto the catwalk -- his
          life slipping away.
          Finally Han FALLS BACK, OFF THE CATWALK, INTO THE DEPTHS OF

          THE STRUCTURE!

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          Leia, feeling it instantly -- knowing -- drops into a seat,

          DEVASTATED.

          INT. OSCILLATOR STRUCTURE - NIGHT

          Kylo Ren is somehow WEAKENED by this wicked act. Himself
          horrified. His SHOCK is broken only when --
          CHEWIE CRIES OUT IN AGONY! Chewie furiously FIRES AT KYLO
          REN, HITTING HIM IN THE SIDE! Kylo Ren falls back, stunned.

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          Our MUSIC TAKES OVER, EPIC AND HEARTBREAKING as Stormtroopers
          FIRE AT CHEWIE, who is forced to retreat down a corridor,
          where he holds the EXPLOSIVE REMOTE -- he PUSHES THE BUTTON!
          Hearing ONLY OUR SCORE, FIRST ONE, then TWO, then FOUR, then
          SIX EXPLOSIONS rock the structure -- CATWALKS FALL as the
          walls CAVE IN!
          Kylo Ren SEES REY AND FINN, WATCHING THE EXPLOSIONS IN SHOCK --
          then they SEE KYLO REN, WHO RECOGNIZES THEM BOTH, WITH
          ASTONISHMENT. He rises to his full height and heads for
          them with long strides.
          Stormtroopers begin to BLAST AWAY AT REY AND FINN! CRAZED,

          REY FIRES BACK AS BLASTS HIT AROUND HER. FINN WRAPS AN ARM

          AROUND HER AND DRAGS/CARRIES HER OUT OF SIGHT!

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY


                          ADMIRAL ACKBAR
           The Oscillator's been damaged but is
           still functional.
          COMMODORE META reacts.

           OFFICER TABALA ZO
           Admiral, their weapon will fire in
           two minutes.

          EXT. FOREST - NIGHT

          From a distance the oscillator is ablaze and fractured from
          the explosives. Then Rey and Finn appear, coming over a
          rising, running into a bare-tree snowy forest.

                          FINN
           The Falcon's this way.
          Finn and Rey, overcome with emotion, race through the snowy
          forest -- until Finn SLOWS AND STOPS. Rey stops too, both
          out of breath. They look at each other. They both know:
          they can't run.

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - FOREST - NIGHT

          Kylo Ren moves through the trees -- until he STOPS. Takes
          out the saber, ignites it.
          A still figure amidst the gusts of wind and snow.

          STANDING THIRTY FEET AWAY, FACING HIM, ARE FINN AND REY.
          Finn holds LUKE'S LIGHTSABER, Rey the Stormtrooper BLASTER.

                          KYLO REN
           We're not done yet.

                          REY
           You're a monster!

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

                          KYLO REN
           It's just us now. Han Solo can't
           save you.
          After a beat, Rey moves forward with the blaster -- AIMS IT!
          Kylo Ren RAISES A HAND -- Rey struggles under his FORCE POWER --
          she can't fire -- he strains too, especially with the WOUND
          Chewie inflicted. Kylo Ren GESTURES POWERFULLY -- Rey's
          BLASTER FLIES OUT OF HER HAND -- another GESTURE and Rey
          FLIES BACK and SLAMS INTO A TREE thirty feet away!
          She drops -- LANDS HARD in the snow. Dazed, hurt.

                          FINN
           Rey! Rey! Rey... Rey... Oh no. Oh
           no no no...
          Finn turns to her, afraid and concerned. But the SOUND OF
          KYLO REN'S LIGHTSABER moving makes Finn TURN BACK TO KYLO
          REN, lit by the glowing YELLOW AND RED BLADE.

                          KYLO REN

           TRAITOR!
          In reply, Finn TURNS ON LUKE'S LIGHTSABER -- upon seeing the
          weapon, Kylo Ren REACTS IN SHOCK.

           KYLO REN (CONT'D)
           That lightsaber. It belongs to me!

                          FINN
           Come get it.
          Despite his fear, Finn raises his blade in welcome. Kylo
          Ren CHARGES at him - Finn terrified -- Kylo Ren LUNGES but
          Finn DEFLECTS Ren's SPARK-SPITTING blade!
          Kylo Ren TURNS, ATTACKS, CUTS -- amazingly Finn BLOCKS,
          COUNTER-ATTACKS -- clearly IMPRESSES KYLO REN, who only enjoys
          this challenge more!
          Rey RECOVERS, gets her bearings. Her eyes focus on the two
          men fighting, through the trees.
          Kylo Ren is obviously hampered by his wound, yet he attacks
          with a primal SAVAGERY -- Finn BLOCKS, turning DEFENSIVE
          moves into OFFENSIVE ones. And he ACTUALLY GETS A HIT IN!
          LUKE'S SABER GRAZING KYLO REN'S ARM! Kylo MOVES BACK --
          wounded, but more enraged than weakened. Kylo Ren CHARGES
          AGAIN -- their WEAPONS POUND, SPARKS FLY, their blades LOCK,
          the men are CLOSE, LIT BY the powerful, CRASHING sabers:
          And Kylo Ren PUSHES FINN BACK, attacks with pure ferocity --
          Finn is stunned -- unprepared for this fierceness.
          Rey sees this -- Kylo Ren unleashes a MERCILESS SERIES OF
          BLOWS, pushing Finn further and further back until he loses
          balance.

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:
          That's when KYLO REN STRIKES: HE LANDS A BLOW TO FINN'S TORSO --

          LUKE'S LIGHTSABER FLIES FROM FINN'S HAND, THROWN TWENTY FEET!
          Kylo Ren TURNS OFF HIS LIGHTSABER and REACHES FOR LUKE'S

          LIGHTSABER -- BECKONING IT WITH THE FORCE.

          LUKE'S LIGHTSABER VIBRATES IN THE SNOW.
          Kylo Ren GESTURES, INCREASES HIS POWER -- LUKE'S LIGHTSABER

          FINALLY FLIES OUT OF THE SNOW, BULLETS TOWARD KYLO REN --

          -- AND SPEEDS PAST HIM!

          KYLO REN TURNS TO SEE LUKE'S LIGHTSABER LAND IN THE HAND OF

          REY, WHO STANDS, FACING HIM, HAVING REACHED FOR IT HERSELF,

          BUT UTTERLY STUNNED THAT IT LANDED IN HER HAND! SHE IS

          SHOCKED -- AND SO IS KYLO REN!
          Holding it with both hands, SHE IGNITES LUKE'S LIGHTSABER

          FOR THE FIRST TIME, HER EYES BLAZING.
          Kylo Ren IGNITES HIS SABER.
          It's REY who charges now -- Kylo Ren immediately on the
          defensive. They BATTLE POWERFULLY -- He is clearly rocked
          by her raw, innate skill.

          INT. X-WING - NIGHT


                          NIV LEK
           We just lost R-1!

                          JESS
           We're overwhelmed! What do we do?
           It isn't working!
          Another pilot looks down -- SEES THE EXPLOSION -- coming
          from the OSCILLATOR. Relatively small, it's an opening:

                          YOLO ZIFF
           Black Leader, there's a brand new
           hole in that oscillator. Looks like
           our friends got in!

                          POE
           Red Four! Red Six! Cover us!

           LT. BASTIAN
           I'm on it!

                          ELLO ASTY
           Roger!

                          POE
           Everybody else, hit the target hard!
           Give it everything you got!
          And the X-WINGS DIVE and BLAST the OSCILLATOR --

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - OSCILLATOR - NIGHT

          Another two X-wings -- including Poe's -- soar through the
          trench leading to the oscillator structure!

                          POE
           I need some help here! I need some
           help!

           LT. BASTIAN
           I'm coming in!

                          JESS
           Watch out!

                          ELLO ASTY
           I'm hit!
          The alien pilot's X-wing is blasted to pieces.

                          POE
           All teams - I'm going in! Pull up
           and cover me!

                          NIV LEK
           Copy that, Black Leader! Good luck,
           Poe!
          The trailing X-wings peel off as Poe's black fighter darts
          into the fiery breach.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - CONTROL ROOM - NEAR DARKNESS

          Outside, the SUN ALMOST COMPLETELY GONE -- PULL BACK THROUGH

          THE WINDOW TO REVEAL A STARKILLER TECHNICIAN:

                          STARKILLER TECHNICIAN
           Weapon at full capacity in thirty
           seconds.

                          GENERAL HUX
           Prepare to fire.

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - OSCILLATOR - NIGHT

          Poe's X-wing weaves through the breach. A pursuing TIE
          fighter does not clear the gap, leaving Poe to circle the
          interior of the unguarded structure, firing volley after
          volley of torpedoes.

          EXT. STARKILLER BASE - OSCILLATOR - NIGHT

          The remaining X-Wings -- including Poe's -- BLAST the place --
          and the structure begins to CRATER, deep underground

          EXPLOSIONS!

          EXT. FOREST - NIGHT

          Amid the BARE WHITE TREES, ONLY TWO LIGHTSABERS -- LUKE'S
          BLUE AND REN'S YELLOW-RED -- ILLUMINATE the FLURRIES OF SNOW
          as Rey and Kylo Ren BATTLE HARD.
          She seems to be, impossibly, STRONGER THAN HE IS for half a
          dozen blows -- until he FINDS HIS STRENGTH and FIGHTS BACK --
          MOVING FORWARD and PUSHING REY BACK, into the forest.
          Suddenly a COLOSSAL CHUNK OF THE FOREST RIGHT BEHIND REY
          DROPS AWAY! Rey is suddenly fighting on the EDGE OF A

          MASSIVE, BRAND NEW CLIFF!

                          KYLO REN
           You need a teacher! I can show you
           the ways of the Force!

                          REY
           The Force.
          Rey closes her eyes for a long beat. When Rey opens them,
          she is centered, fortified, and she POUNDS BACK, SINGLE HANDED
          SWIPES, hitting Ren's gnarly, spitting saber with incredible
          FORCE. It's so fast now, so furious, that Kylo Ren FALLS
          BACK -- She ATTACKS HARDER!
          Ren gets up again but she HITS HIS SABER'S HILT -- HIS BLADE
          GOES FLYING OFF, TUMBLING INTO THE SNOW -- and she SLASHES

          AGAIN AND AGAIN AND HITS KYLO REN SQUARE IN THE HEAD AND

          CHEST. HE GOES DOWN, SUDDENLY A FEARFUL MAN, A LARGE BURN
          SCAR SLASHED ACROSS HIS FACE! He still reaches for his saber.
          And she could kill him -- right now, with ONE VICIOUS STRIKE!
          But she stops. Realizing she stands on a greater edge than
          even the cliff -- the edge of the dark side. The earth
          SHAKES. The earth splits. A gully forms.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT

          The area where the RALLY was held is now COLLAPSING into a
          giant sink hole! We WHIP PAN to a YOUNG TECHNICIAN, who
          watches this out the control room window in horror. He
          hurries off, passing COLONEL DATOO, who admonishes:

                          COLONEL DATOO
           Lieutenant, get back to your station!

                          YOUNG TECHNICIAN
           (stops, fleetingly)
           Just look. We won't survive -- even
           Hux has gone!
          As he hurries off, WE HEAR:

           GENERAL HUX (V.O.)
           Supreme Leader.

          INT. STARKILLER BASE - ASSEMBLY ROOM - NIGHT

          Hux stands before SNOKE'S IMAGE. Relative quiet here, but
          distant SOUNDS OF DESTRUCTION. Hux tries to keep it together
          but is horrified, heartsick:

                          GENERAL HUX
           The fuel cells have ruptured. The
           collapse of the planet has begun.
          Snoke takes this in. Furious, desolate... knowing.

                          SNOKE
           Leave the base at once and come to
           me with Kylo Ren.

                          (GRIM)
           It is time to complete his training.

          EXT. FOREST - NIGHT

          Rey turns, runs a hundred feet through the forest to:
          FINN, who lies, near death, not far from where the GROUND
          FELL AWAY. Rey falls to her knees near him, turns him over,
          sees his cauterized but possibly fatal wound.

                          REY
           Finn! Finn...
          Tears come to her eyes as she lifts him, holds his lifeless
          body in her arms. Snow flurries around them as she cries,
          holding this boy who she just met, who she already adores.
          They are left here to die -- nearby MORE TREES DROP as the
          planet continues to COLLAPSE. And just as it seems like all
          is lost... Her wet eyes look up to see:

          LIGHTS RISE FROM THE NEWLY-FORMED CANYON -- IT'S A SHIP WE
          KNOW -- IT'S THE MILLENNIUM FALCON -- and its lights

          ILLUMINATE REY, WHOSE FACE FILLS WITH HOPE!
          CHEWIE IS AT THE CONTROLS. He ROARS to them!

          EXT. FALCON - NIGHT

          Chewie exits the ship.
          MOMENTS LATER Chewie CARRIES FINN up the ramp. Rey hurries
          with them back into the ship --

          INT. FALCON - NIGHT

          Chewie carries Finn inside, followed by Rey.

          EXT. SPACE - NIGHT

          And we FLY WITH THE FALCON as it leaves the planet -- we can
          see CHEWIE AND REY PILOTING, the COLLAPSING PLANET BEHIND
          US. The Resistance X-wings, led by Poe, follow the Falcon.

          INT. X-WING - NIGHT


                          POE
           All teams! I got eyes on them!

                          SNAP
           Yes!
          The X-wings ROAR OFF, skyward as the MUSIC SOARS, the PLANET
          IMPLODES -- THE SUNLIGHT IT CONTAINS BURSTS FORTH, and as we
          get further and further distance from what was Starkiller
          Base, we witness the REBIRTH OF A SUN. Light restored to a
          corner of the galaxy.
          The Millennium Falcon and the X-wings RIP THROUGH SPACE,
          headed home.

                          POE
           Our job's done here. Let's go home!

          EXT. D'QAR - DAY

          ESTABLISHING SHOT as the Falcon on the landing strip.

          EXT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          The Falcon has landed among the remaining Resistance ships.
          Poe is there, watching as Chewie scuttles down the ramp
          carrying an unconscious Finn. Medical Personnel and Officers,
          meet them, usher them inside.

                          MEDIC
           Easy, easy. He's hurt. We've got a
           heartbeat.
          Rey walks down the ramp and sees, for the first time, Leia.
          C-3PO and BB-8 behind her. The crowds are cheering.
          Rey is so sad for Leia, so sorry.
          The two women move for each other. And Leia takes Rey's
          face in her hands. Despite her heartbreak, she is grateful.
          She embraces Rey. A mother's embrace.
          Rey cries, too, in this emotional first meeting.

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          Chewbacca sits quietly, as do many in the base, mourning
          their losses.
          As BB-8 approaches R2-D2, the long dormant droid suddenly
          stirs. The droids beep at each other.

                          C-3PO
           R2-D2! You've come back! You found
           what? How dare you call me that!

                          (MORE)

                         

                         

                          (CONTINUED)

                         CONTINUED:

           C-3PO (CONT'D)
           (he swats R2-D2, who

                          CONTINUES BEEPING)
           Find Master Luke how? Come, R2! We
           must go tell the others at once!

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

          Leia stands alone and in silence, heartbroken.

           C-3PO (O.S.)
           General? Excuse me, General?
          Leia turns to see droids.

           C-3PO (CONT'D)
           R2-D2 may contain some much needed
           good news.

                          LEIA
           Tell me.
          Rey stands with Leia, Poe C-3PO, BB-8 and a handful of
          Resistance Officers. Suddenly R2-D2 PROJECTS A HOLOGRAM! A

          LARGE NAVIGATIONAL MAP WITH A SPECIFIC MISSING CHUNK!
          BB-8 BEEPS -- Poe turns to him --

                          POE
           Yeah, all right, buddy, hold on --
          Poe runs over -- removes the ancient data device that Lor
          San Tekka had given him from a base computer. He inserts it
          back inside BB-8, who then PROJECTS HIS MAP -- which he
          SHRINKS DOWN TO SIZE -- and the two droids MOVE SLIGHTLY --

          TOGETHER -- THE TWO HOLOGRAMS UNITE, BB-8'S PIECE FILLING IN

          R2-D2'S PERFECTLY!
          Everyone REACTS -- amazed --

                          C-3PO
           Oh! The map! It is complete!

                          LEIA
           (hand on her heart)
           -- Luke --
          Suddenly there are CHEERS AND EMBRACES.
          C-3PO leans down to R2-D2 and says, quietly, sweetly:

                          C-3PO
           (to R2-D2)
           Oh my dear friend. How I've missed
           you.

          INT. RESISTANCE BASE - I.C.U. - DAY

          A NEW DAY. Finn, unconscious in an I.C.U. POD. His fate
          uncertain. Rey sits with him. Deeply worried. Finally she
          leans in, close to him. She kisses him and says, quietly,
          despite her fear:

                          REY
           We'll see each other again. I believe
           that. Thank you, my friend.

          EXT. D'QAR - DAY

          Chewie does last minute checks of the Falcon. Rey stands
          with Leia a beat and then turns to head to the Falcon. As
          Rey walks off, she hears Leia call out:

                          LEIA
           Rey.
          Rey turns around.

                          LEIA (CONT'D)
           May the Force be with you.
          This fills Rey up. She smiles gratefully. Rey crosses to
          the Falcon.

          INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT - DAY

          Rey sits in the pilot seat, Chewie as co-pilot. Rey looks
          at him compassionately.
          Rey FLICKS SWITCHES and --

          EXT. D'QAR - DAY

          The Millennium Falcon RISES.
          Leia, with Poe, BB-8, and C-3PO (with his proper arm
          replaced), watches the next generation of Jedi begin her
          journey.

          EXT. SPACE - DAY

          The Falcon FLIES through space and BLASTS to LIGHTSPEED.

          EXT. AHCH-TO - DAY

          A pristine and mighty OCEAN. Endless BLUE, dotted with
          random, beautiful, mountainous BLACK ROCK ISLANDS, dotted
          with countless GREEN TREES.
          The Millennium Falcon FLIES INTO VIEW, BANKS toward one of
          the ISLANDS.

          EXT. AHCH-TO ISLAND - DAY

          Rey, her staff strapped to her back, begins her hike up the
          considerable mountain, glancing back at Chewie and R2-D2,
          who watch her from the bottom of the ramp. A deep breath
          and Rey continues her journey.

          EXT. AHCH-TO ISLAND - STONE STAIRS - DAY

          Built within the rock and foliage of this idyllic island are
          seemingly endless ANCIENT STONE STEPS. Rey continues to
          climb them, determined, despite her fatigue.

          EXT. AHCH-TO ISLAND - STONE STRUCTURES - DAY

          Rey arrives at a clearing. Small, modest, primitive stone
          structures. But no one around. Rey walks past them, sees,
          senses no one.

          And then she stops. Feels something. She turns.
          Standing forty feet away from her, his back to us, is a MAN,
          in a CLOAK AND ROBE.

          Rey stares, knowing exactly who it is. But she just stares
          for what seems like forever. Until he finally TURNS, SLOWLY,
          to her. Pulls back his hood.

          IT IS LUKE SKYWALKER.

          Older now, white hair, bearded. He looks at Rey. A kindness
          in his eyes, but there's something tortured, too. He doesn't
          need to ask her who she is, or what she is doing here. His
          look says it all.

          In response, Rey pulls something from the pack.

          LUKE'S LIGHTSABER.
          And she holds it out to him. An offer. A plea. The galaxy's
          only hope.

          HOLD ON LUKE SKYWALKER'S INCREDIBLE FACE, amazed and
          conflicted at what he sees, as our MUSIC BUILDS, the promise
          of an adventure, just beginning...

                         

                         

                          THE END

Star Wars: Episode 1:The Phantom Menace



TITLE CARD : A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away....

A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the main title, followed by
a roll up, which crawls up into infinity.

EPISODE 1 THE PHANTOM MENACE

Turmoil has engulfed the Galactic Republic. The taxation of trade routes to
outlaying star systems is in dispute.
Hoping to resolve the matter with a blockade of deadly battleships, the
greedy Trade Federation has stopped all shipping to the small planet of
Naboo.
While the congress of the Republic endlessly debates this alarming chain of
events, the Supreme Chancellor has secretly dispatched two Jedi Knights,
the guardians of peace and justice in the galaxy, to settle the
conflict.....

PAN DOWN to reveal a small space cruiser heading TOWARD CAMERA at great
speed. PAN with the cruiser as it heads towardthe beautiful green planet of
Naboo, which is surrounded by hundreds of Trade Federation battleships.

INT. REPUBLIC CRUISER - COCKPIT


In the cockpit of the cruise, the CAPTAIN and PILOT maneuver closer to one
of the battleships.

QUI-GON : (off screen voice) Captain.

The Captain turns to an unseen figure sitting behind her.

CAPTAIN : Yes, sir?
QUI-GON : (V.O) Tell them we wish to board at once.
CAPTAIN : Yes, sir.

The CAPTAIN looks to her view screen, where NUTE GUNRAY, a Neimoidian trade
viceroy, waits for a reply.

CAPTAIN : (cont'd) With all due respect for the Trade Federation, the
Ambassodors for the Supreme Chancellor wish to board immediately.
NUTE : Yes, yes, of coarse...ahhh...as you know, our blockade is perfectly
legal, and we'd be happy to recieve the Ambassador...Happy to.

The screen goes black. Out the cockpit window, the sinister battleship
looms ever closer.

EXT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - DOCKING BAY - SPACE (FX)

The small space cruiser docks in the enormous main bay of the Federation
battleship.

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - DOCKING BAY - SPACE

A PROTOCOL DROID, TC-14, waits at the door to the docking bay. Two WORKER
DROIDS, PK-4 and EG-9 watch.

PK-4 : They must be important if the Viceroy sent one of those useless
protocol gearheads to greet them.

The door opens, and the Republic cruiser can be seen in the docking bay.
Two darkly robed figures are greeted by TC-14.

TC-14 : I'm TC-14 at your service. This way, please.

They move off down the hallway.

EG-9 : A Republic cruiser! That's trouble...don't you think?
PR-4 : I'm not made to think.

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - CONFERENCE ROOM

A door slides open, and the two cloaked shapes are led PAST CAMERA into the
formal conference room by TC-14.

TC-14 : I hope you honoured sirs with the most comfortable here. My master
will be with you shortly.

The droid bows before OBI-WAN KENOBI and QUI- GON JINN. He backs out the
door and it closes. The JEDI lower their hoods and look out a large window
at the lush green planet of Naboo. QUI-GON sixty years old, has long white
hair in a ponytail. He is tall and striking, with blue eyes. OBI-WAN is
twenty five, with very short brown hair, pale skin, and blue eyes. Several
exotic, bird-like creatures SING in a cage near the door.

OBI-WAN : I have a bad feeling about this.
QUI-GON : I don't sense anything.
OBI-WAN : It's not about the mission, Master, it's
somethging...elsewhere...elusive.
QUI-GON : Don't center on your anxiety, Obi-Wan. Keep your concentration
here and now where it belongs.
OBI-WAN : Master Yoda says I should be mindful of the future...
QUI-GON : .....but not at the expense of the moment. Be mindful of the
living Force, my young Padawan.
OBI-WAN : Yes, Master...how do you think the trade viceroy will deal with
the chancellor's demands?
QUI-GON : These Federation types are cowards. The negotiations will be
short.

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE

NUTE GUNRAY and DAULTRAY DOFINE stand, stunned, before TC-14.

NUTE : (shaken) What?!? What did you say?
TC-14 : The Ambassadors are Jedi Knights, I believe.
DOFINE : I knew it! They were sent to force a settlement, eh. Blind me,
we're done for!

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - HALLWAY

A hologram of NUTE , surrounded by BATTLE DROIDS, appears in the conference
room hallway.

NUTE : They must be dead by now. Blast, what's left of them.

The hologram fades off, as a BATTLE DROID, OWO-1, cautiously opens the
door. A deadly green cloud billows from the room. BATTLE DROIDS cock their
weapons as a figure stumbles out of the smoke. It is TC-14 , carrying the
tray of drinks.

TC14 : Oh, excuse me, so sorry.

The PROTOCOL DROID passes the armed camp just as two flashing laser swords
fly out of the deadly fog, cutting down several BATTLE DROIDS before they
can fire.

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE

The bridge is a cocophony of alarms. NUTE and RUNE watch OWO-1 on the
viewscreen.

OWO-1 : Not sure exactly what...

OWO-1 is suddenly cut in half in mid-sentence. RUNE gives NUTE a worried
look.

NUTE : What in blazes is going on down there?
RUNE : Have you ever encountered a Jedi Knight before, sir?
NUTE : Well, not exactly, but I don't...(panicked) Seal off the bridge.
RUNE : That won't be enough, sir.

The doors to the bridge SLAM shut.

NUTE : I want destroyer droids up here at once!!!
RUNE : We will not survive this.

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - HALLWAY - OUTSIDE BRIDGE

QUI-GON cuts several BATTLE DROIDS in half, creating a shower of sparks and
metal parts. OBI-WAN raises his hand, sending several BATTLE DROIDS
crashing into the wall.

QUI-GON makes his way to the bridge door and begins to cut through it.

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE

The CREW is very nervous as sparks start flying around the bridge door.
QUI-GON and OBI-WAN are on the view screen.

NUTE : Close the blast doors!!!

The huge, very thick blast door slams shut, followed by a second door, then
a third. There is a hissing sound as the huge doors seal shut. QUI-GON tabs
the door with his sword. The screen goes black as a red spot appears in the
center of the blast door.

RUNE : ...They're still coming through!

On the door, chunks of molten metal begin to drop away.

NUTE : Impossible!! This is impossible!!
RUNE : Where are those destroyer droids?!

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - HALLWAY - OUTSIDE BRIDGE

Ten ugly destroyer WHEEL DROIDS roll down the hallway at full speed. Just
before they get to the bridge area, they stop and transform into their
battle configuration. QUI-GON can't see them but senses their presence.

QUI-GON : Destroyer droids!
OBI-WAN : Offhand, I'd say this mission is past the negotiaion stage.

The WHEEL DROIDS, led by P-59, rush the entry area from three hallways,
blasting away with their laser guns. They stop firing and stand in a
semi-circle as the smoke clears. OBI-WAN and QUI-GON are nowhere to be
seen.

P-59 : Switch to bio...There they are!

The Jedi materialize at the far end of the hallway and dash through the
doorway that slams shut. The WHEEL DROIDS blast away at the two JEDI with
their laser swords.

OBI-WAN : They have shield generators!
QUI-GON : It's a standoff! Let's go!

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE

NUTE and RUNE stand on the bridge, watching the view screen as the WHEEL
DROIDS' POV speeds to the doorway.

RUNE : We have them on the run, sir...they're no match for destroyer
droids.
TEY HOW : Sir, they've gone up the ventilation shaft.

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - MAIN BAY

QUI-GON and OBI-WAN appear at a large vent in a giant hanger bay. They are
careful not to be seen. Thousands of BATTLE DROIDS are loading onto landing
craft.

QUI-GON : Battle droids.
OBI-WAN : It's an invisible army.
QUI-GON : It's an odd play for the Trade Federation. We've got to warn the
Naboo and contact Chancellor Valorum. Let's split up. Stow aboard separate
ships and meet down on the planet.
OBI-WAN : You were right about one thing, Master. The negotiations were
short.

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE

TEY HOW recieves a transmission.

TEY HOW : Sir, a transmission from the planet.
RUNE : It's Queen Amidala herself.
NUTE : At last we're getting results.

On the view screen, QUEEN AMIDALA appears in her throne room. Wearing her
elaborate headdress and robes, she sits, surrounded by the GOVERNING
COUNCIL and FOUR HANDMAIDENS, EIRTAE, YANE, RABE, and SACHE.

NUTE : (cont'd) Again you come before me, Your highness. The Federation is
pleased.
AMIDALA : You will not be pleased when you hear what I have to say,
Viceroy...Your trade boycott of our planet has ended.

NUTE smirks at RUNE.

NUTE : I was not aware of such a failure.
AMIDALA : I have word that the Senate is finally voting on this blockade of
yours.
NUTE : I take it you know the outcome. I wonder why they bother to vote.
AMIDALA : Enough of this pretense, Viceroy! I'm aware the Chancellor's
Ambassadors are with you now, and that you have beencommanded to reach a
settlement.
NUTE : I know nothing about any Ambassadors...you must be mistaken.

AMIDALA, surprised at his reaction, studies him carefully.

AMIDALA : Beware, Viceroy....the Federation is going too far this time.
NUTE : Your Highness, we would never do anything without the approval of
the Senate. You assume too much.
AMIDALA : We will see.

The QUEEN fades off, and the view screen goes black.

RUNE : She's right, the Senate will never....
NUTE : It's too late now.
RUNE : Do you think she suspects an attack?
NUTE : I don't know, but we must move quickly to disrupt all communications
down there.

INT. NABOO PALACE - THRONE ROOM

The QUEEN, EIRTAE, SACHE and her Governor, SIO BIBBLE, stand before a
hologram of SENATOR PALPATINE, a thin, kindly man.

PALPATINE : ...How could that be true? I have assurances from the
Chancellor...his Ambassaodrs did arrive. It must be
the...get...negotiate...

The hologram of PALPATIONE sputters and fades away.

AMIDALA : Senator Palpatine?!? (turns to Panaka) What's happening?

CAPTAIN PANAKA turns to his SARGEANT

CAPT. PANAKA : Check the transmission generators...
BIBBLE : A malfunction?
CAPT. PANAKA : It could be the Federation jamming us. Your Highness.
BIBBLE : A communications disruption can only mean one thing. Invasion.
AMIDALA : Don't jump to conclusions, Governor. The Federation would not
dare go that far.
CAPT. PANAKA : The Senate would revoke their trade franchise, and they'd be
finished.
AMIDALA : We must continue to rely on negotiation.
BIBBLE : Negotiation? We've lost all communications!...and where atre the
Chancellors Ambassadors? How can we negotiate? We must prepare to defend
ourselves.
CAPT. PANAKA : This is a dangerous situation, Your Highness. Our security
volunteers will be no match against a battle-hardened Federation army.
AMIDALA : I will not condone a course of action that will lead us to war.

EXT. SPACE LANDING CRAFT - TWILIGHT (FX)

Six landing craft fly in formation toward the surface of the planet Naboo.

EXT. NABOO SWAMP - SHALLOW LAKE - TWILIGHT

Three landing craft slowly descend through the cloud cover of the
perpetually gray twilight side of the planet. One by one, the Federation
warships land in the eerie swamp.
OBI-WAN's head emerges from the mud of a shallow lake. For in the
background, the activities of the invasion force can be seen in the mist.
OBI-WAN takes several deep breaths, then dissapears again under the muddy
swamp. Troop Transports (MTT's) emerge from the landing craft.

EXT. NABOO EDGE OF SWAMP / GRASS PLAINS - TWILIGHT (FX)

The droid invasion force moves out of the swamp and onto a grassy plain.
OOM-9, in his tank, looks out over the vast ARMY marching across the
rolling hills. A small hologram of RUNE and NUTE stands on the tank.

RUNE : ...and there is no trace of the Jedi. They may have gotton onto one
of your landing craft.
OOM-9 : If they are down here, sir, we'll find them. We are moving out of
the swamp and are marching on the cities. We are meeting no resistance.
NUTE : Excellent.

EXT. NABOO SWAMP - TWILIGHT

QUI-GON runs through the strange landscape, glancing back to see the
monstrous troop transports, emerging from the mist. Animals begin to run
past him in a panic.
An odd, frog-like Gungan, JAR JAR INKS, squats holding a clam he has
retrieved from the murky swamp. The shell pops open. JAR JAR's greta tongue
snaps out and grabs the clam, swallowing it in one gulp.
JAR JAR looks up and sees QUI-GON and the other creatures running like the
wind toward him. One of the huge MTT's bears down on the JEDI like a
charging locomotive. JAR JAR stands transfixed, still holding the clam
shell in one hand.

JAR JAR : Oh, noooooooooo!

JAR JAR drops the shell and grabs onto QUI-GON as he passes. The JEDI is
caught by surprise.

JAR JAR : (Cont'd) Hey, help me! Help me!!
QUI-GON : Let go!

The machine is about tp crush them as QUI-GON drags JAR JAR behind him.
Just as the transport is about to hit them, QUI-GON drops, and JAR JAR goes
splat into the mud with him. The transport races overhead.
QUI-GON and JAR JAR pull themselves out of the mud. They stand watching the
war machine dissapear into the mist. JAR JAR grabs QUI-GON and hugs him.

JAR JAR : Oyi, mooie-mooie! I luv yous!

The frog-like creature kisses the JEDI.

QUI-GON : Are you brainless? You almost got us killed!
JAR JAR : I spake.
QUI-GON : The ability to speak does not make you intelligent. Now get outta
here!

QUI-GON starts to move off, and JAR JAR follows.

JAR JAR : No...no! Mesa stay...Mesa yous humble servaunt.
QUI-GON : That wont be necessary.
JAR JAR : Oh boot tis! Tis demunded byda guds. Tis a live debett, tis. Mesa
culled Jaja Binkss.

In the distance, two STAPS burst out of the mist at high speed, chasing
OBI-WAN.

QUI-GON : I have no time for this now...
JAR JAR : Say what?

The two STAPS barrell down on OBI-WAN.

JAR JAR : (cont'd) Oh, nooooo! Weesa ganna....

QUI-GON throws JAR JAR into the mud.

QUI-GON : Stay down!

His head pops up.

JAR JAR : ...dieeee!

The two troops fire laser bolts at OBI-WAN. QUI-GON deflects the bolts
back, and the STAPS blow up. One-two. OBI-WAN is exhausted and tries to
catch his breath.

OBI-WAN : Sorry, Master, the water fried my weapon.

OBI-WAN pulls out his burnt laser sword handle. QUI-GON inspects it, as JAR
JAR pulls himself out of the mud.

QUI-GON : You forgot to turn your power off again, didn't you?

OBI-WAN nods sheeplishly.

QUI-GON : (cont'd) It won't take long to recharge, but this is a lesson I
hope you've learned, my young Padawan.
OBI-WAN : Yes, Master.
JAR JAR : Yousa sav-ed my again, hey?
OBI-WAN : What's this?
QUI-GON : A local. Let's go, before more of those droids show up.
JAR JAR : Mure? Mure did you spake??!?

OBI-WAN and QUI-GON start to run. JAR JAR tries to keep up.

JAR JAR : (cont'd) Ex-squeeze me, but da moto grande safe place would be
Otoh Gunga. Tis where I grew up...Tis safe city.

They all stop.

QUI-GON : A city! (JAR JAR nods his head) Can you take us there?
JAR JAR : Ahhh, will...on second taut...no, not willy.
QUI-GON : No??!
JAR JAR : Iss embarrissing, boot... My afrai my've bean banished. My
forgoten der Bosses would do terrible tings to my. Terrible tings if my
goen back dare.

A PULSATING SOUND is heard in the distance.

QUI-GON : You hear that?

JAR JAR shakes his head yes.

QUI-GON : (cont'd) That's the sound of a thousand terrible things heading
this way...
OBI-WAN : When they find us, they will crush us, grind us into little
pieces, then blast us into oblivion!
JAR JAR : Oh! Yousa point is well seen. Dis way! Hurry!

JAR JAR turns and runs into the swamp.

EXT. NABOO SWAMP LAKE - TWILIGHT

QUI-GON, OBI-WAN and JAR JAR run into a murky lake and stop as JAR JAR
tries to catch his breath. The TRANSPORTS ARE HEARD in the distance.

QUI-GON : Much farther?
JAR JAR : Wesa goen underwater, okeyday?

QUI-GON and OBI-WAN pull out small capsule from their utility belts that
turn into breathing masks.

JAR JAR : (cont'd) My warning yous. Gungans no liken outlaunders. Don't
expict a wern welcome.
OBI-WAN : Don't worry, this has not been our day for warm welcomes.

JAR JAR jumps, does a double somersault with a twist, and dives into the
water.
Breath masks on, QUI-GON and OBI-WAN wade in after him.

EXT. NABOO LAKE - UNDERWATER

QUI-GON and OBI-WAN swim behind JAR JAR, who is very much at home in the
water. Down they swim into murky depths. In the distance the glow of Otoh
Gunga, an underwater city made up of large bubbles, becomes more distinct.
They approach the strange, art nouveau habitat. JAR JAR swims magically
through one of the bubble membranes, which seals behind him. OBI-WAN and
QUI-GON follow.

INT. OTOH GUNGA - CITY SQUARE

GUNGANS in the square scatter when they see the strange JEDI. Four GUARDS
armed with long electro-poles ride two-legged KAADUS into the square. The
GUARDS, led by CAPTAIN TARPALS, point their lethal poles at the dripping
trio.

JAR JAR : Heyo-dalee, Cap'n Tarpals, Mesa back!
CAPT. TARPALS : Noah gain, Jar Jar. Yousa goen tada Bosses. Yousa in big
dudu this time.

CAPT. TARPALS gives JAR JAR a slight zap with his power pole. JAR JAR jumps
and moves off, followed by the two JEDI.

JAR JAR : How wude.

INT. OTOH GUNGA - HIGH TOWER BOARD ROOM

The Bosses' Board Room has bubble walls, with small lighted fish swimming
around outside like moving stars. A long circular judge's bench filled with
GUNGAN OFFICIALS dominates the room. OBI-WAN and QUI-GON stand facing BOSS
NASS, who sits on a bench higher than the others.

BOSS NASS : Yousa cannot bees hair. Dis army of mackineeks up dare tis new
weesong!
QUI-GON : That droid army is about to attack the Naboo. We must warn them.
BOSS NASS : Wesa no like da Naboo! Un dey no like uss-ens. Da Naboo tink
day so smarty den us-ens. Day tink day brains so big.
OBI-WAN : After those droids take control of the surface, they will come
here and take control of you.
BOSS NASS : No, mesa no tink so. Mesa scant talkie witda Naboo, and no
nutten talkie it outlaunders. Dos mackineeks no comen here! Dey not know of
uss-en.
OBI-WAN : You and the Naboo form a symbiont circle. What happens to noe of
you will affect the other. You must understand this.
BOSS NASS : Wesa wish no nutten in yousa tings, outlaunder, and wesa no
care-n about da Naboo.
QUI-GON : (waves his hand) Then speed us on our way.
BOSS NASS : Wesa gonna speed yousaway.
QUI-GON : We need a transport.
BOSS NASS : Wesa give yousa una bongo. Da speedest way tooda Naboo tis goen
through da core. Now go.
QUI-GON : Thank you for your help. We go in peace.

QUI-GON and OBI-WAN turn to leave.

OBI-WAN : Master, whats a bongo?
QUI-GON : A transport, I hope.

The JEDI notice JAR JAR in chains to one side, waiting to hear his verdict.
QUI-GON stops. JAR JAR gives him a forlorn look.

JAR JAR : Daza setten yous up. Goen through da planet core is bad bombin!!
QUI-GON : Thank you, my friend.
JAR JAR : Ahhh...any hep hair would be hot.

JAR JAR's soulful look is counterpointed by a sheepish grin.

OBI-WAN : We are short of time, Master.
QUI-GON : We'll need a navigator to get us through the planet's core. This
Gungan my be of help.

QUI-GON walks bact to BOSS NASS.

QUI-GON : (cont'd) What is to become of Jar Jar Binks here?
BOSS NASS : Binkss brokeen the nocombackie law. Hisen to be pune-ished.
QUI-GON : He has been a great help to us. I hope the punishment will not be
too severe.
BOSS NASS : Pounded unto death.
JAR JAR : (grimacing) Oooooh...Ouch!

OBI-WAN looks concerned. QUI-GON is thinking.

QUI-GON : We need a navigator to get us through the planet's core. I have
saved Jar Jar Binks' life. He owes me what you call a "life.debt."
BOSS NASS : Binks. Yousa havena liveplay with thisen hisen?

JAR JAR nods and joins the JEDI. QUI-GON waves his hand.

QUI-GON : Your gods demand that his life belongs to me now.
BOSS NASS : Hisen live tis yos, outlauder. Begone wit him.
JAR JAR : Count mesa outta dis! Better dead here, den deader in da
core...Yee guds, whata mesa sayin?!

EXT. NABOO CITY - UNDERWATER - SUB (FX)

A strange little submarine propels itself away from the Otoh Gunga, leaving
the glow of the settlement in the distance.

INT. SUB COCKPIT - UNDERWATER

OBI-WAN in the co-pilots seat, JAR JAR guides the craft.

JAR JAR : Dis is nusen.
OBI-WAN : Master, why do you keep dragging these pathetic life forms along
with us?...Here, take over.
JAR JAR : Hey, ho? Where wesa goen??
QUI-GON : You're the navigator.
JAR JAR : Yo dreamen mesa hopen...,br QUI-GON : Just relax, the Force will
guide us...
JAR JAR : Ooooh, maxibig..."da Force"...Wellen, dat smells stinkowiff.

JAR JAR veers the craft to the left and turns the lights on. The coral
vistas are grand, fantastic, and wonderous.

OBI-WAN : Why were you banished, Jar Jar?
JAR JAR : Tis a long tale, buta small part wawdabe
mesa...ooooh...aaaa.....clumsy.
OBI-WAN : They banished you because you're clumsy?

As the little sub glides into the planet core, a large dark shape begins to
follow.

JAR JAR : Mesa cause-ed mabee one or duey lettal bitty axadentes...yud-say
boom da gasser, un crash Der Bosses heyblibber...den banished.

Suddenly there is a loud CRASH, and the little craft lurches to one side.
QUI-GON looks around and sees a huge, lumimnous OPEE SEA KILLER has hooked
them with its long gooey tongue.

QUI-GON : Full speed ahead.

Instead of full ahead, JAR JAR jams the controls into reverse. The sub
flies into the mouth of the creature.

JAR JAR : Oooops.
OBI-WAN : Give me the controls.

OBI-WAN takes over the controls and the OPEE SEA KILLER instantly releases
the sub from its mouth.

JAR JAR : Wesa free!

As the sub zooms away they see a larger set of jaws, munching on the
hapless KILLER. The jaws belong to the incredible SANDO AQUA MONSTER. The
lights on the tiny sub begin to flicker as they cruise deeper into the
gloom.

QUI-GON : There's always a bigger fish.

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE

NUTE and RUNE stand before a hologram of DARTH SIDIOUS.

NUTE : The invasion is on schedule, My Lord.
DARTH SIDIOUS : Good. I have the Senate bogged down in procedures. By the
time this incident comes up for a vote, they will have no choice but to
accept your control of the system.
NUTE : The Queen has great faith the Senate will side with her.
DARTH SIDIOUS : Queen Amidala is yound and naive. You will find controlling
her will not be difficult. You have done well, Viceroy.
NUTE : Thank you, My Lord.

DARTH SIDIOUS fades away.

RUNE : You didn't tell him about the missing Jedi?
NUTE : No need to report that to him, until we have something to report.

INT. SUB COCKPIT - UNDERWATER

Sparks are flying, and water is leaking into the cabin. The sound of the
power drive drops.

OBI-WAN : .....we're losing power.

OBI-WAN is working with the sparking wires. JAR JAR panics.

QUI-GON : Stay calm. We're not in trouble yet.
JAR JAR : What yet? Monstairs out dare! Leak'n in here, all'n sink'n, and
nooooo power! You nutsen! WHEN YOUSA TINK WESA IN TROUBLE?!!!?
OBI-WAN : Power's back.

The lights flicker on, revealing an ugly COLO CLAW FISH right in front of
them.

JAR JAR : Monstairs back!

The large COLO CLAW FISH is surprised and rears back. The sub turns around
and speeds away.

JAR JAR : (cont'd) Wesa in trouble now??
QUI-GON : Relax.

QUI-GON puts his hand on JAR JAR's shoulder. JAR JAR relaxes into a coma.

OBI-WAN : You overdid it.

The COLO CLAW FISH leaps after the fleeing sub as it shoots out of the
tunnel and into the waiting jaws of the SANDO AQUA MONSTER.

OBI-WAN (cont'd) This is not good!

JAR JAR regains consciousness.
JAR JAR : Wesa dead yet?? Oie Boie!

JAR JAR's eyes bulge, and he faints again. The sub narrowly avoids the
deadly teeth of the AQUA MONSTER. The COLO CLAW FISH chasing them isn't so
lucky. It is munched in half by the larger predator. The little sub slips
away.

QUI-GON : Head for that outcropping.

EXT. THEED - MAIN ROAD INTO THEED - DAY (FX)

The long columns of the DROID ARMY move down the main road leading to
Theed, the Naboo capital.

EXT. THEED PLAZA - DAY (FX)

As the QUEEN watches helplessly from a window in the palace, a transport
carrying NUTE and RUNE lands in Theed Plaza. They exit the transport.

NUTE : Ah, victory!

INT. NABOO LAKE - UNDERWATER - SUB (FX)

The little sub continue to propel itself toward the surface, which is
brightly lit.

JAR JAR : Wesa dude it!

EXT. THEED - ESTUARY - DAY

Paradise. Billowing clouds frame a romantic body of water. There is a LOUD
RUSH OF BUBBLES, and a small sub bobs to the surface.
The current in the estuary begins to pull the sub backward into a fast
moving river. OBI-WAN switches off the two remaining bubble canopies.
QUI-GON stands up to look around. JAR JAR lets out a sigh of relief.

JAR JAR : Wesa safe now.
QUI-GON : Get this thing started.
JAR JAR : Dissen berry good. Hey?
OBI-WAN : What is it?

JAR JAR looks back to where they're drifting. He sees they are headed for a
huge waterfall.

JAR JAR : What!!?? Oie boie!

OBI-WAN tries to start the engine. The long props behind the sub slowly
begin to rotate. OBI-WAN struggles until finally, a few feet short of the
waterfall, the sub starts and is able to generate enough power to stop
drifting backward in the powerful current. The sub slowly moves forward. In
the background, QUI-GON takes a cable out of his belt. The engine coughs
and dies. They start drifting backward again. JAR JAR panics.

JAR JAR : (cont'd) Iyiiyi, wesa die'n here, hey!

QUI-GON shoots the thin cable, and it wraps itself around a railing on the
shore. The sub pulls the cable taut, and the little craft hangs
precariously over the edge of the waterfall.

QUI-GON : Come on...

OBI-WAN climbs out of the sub and pulls himself along the cable. QUI-GON
starts in after him.

QUI-GON : (cont'd) Come on, Jar Jar.
JAR JAR : No! Too scary!
OBI-WAN : Get up here!
JAR JAR : No a mighty no!

JAR JAR looks back and sees he is hanging over the waterfall.

JAR JAR : (cont'd) Oie boie...mesa comen. Mesa comen!

JAR JAR starts to climb out of the sub. OBI-WAN is on shore and helps to
pull QUI-GON out of the water.

OBI-WAN : That was close.
BATTLE DROID 3B3 : (O.S) Drop your weapons!

The TWO JEDI turn around to see a BATTLE DROID standing in front of them.
JAR JAR climbs up on shore between the JEDI.

BATTLE DROID 3B3 : I said drop your weapons

QUI-GON ignites his laser sword, and in a brief flash, the DROID is cut
down by the JEDI. A stray laser bolt hits the cable and the sub breaks
lose, crashing down the waterfall.
The JEDI move on. JAR JAR reluctantly follows and looks back at the mess.

JAR JAR : Whoa!!!

EXT. THEED - PALACE - DAY

The waterfalls of Theed sparkle in the noonday sun.

INT. THEED - PALACE THRONE ROOM - DAY

QUEEN AMIDALA, SIO BIBBLE, and FIVE OF HER HANDMAIDENS (EIRTAE, YANE,
PADME, RABE, SACHE) are surrounded by TWENTY DROIDS. CAPTAIN PANAKA and
FOUR NABOO GUARDS are also held at gunpoint. NUTE and RUNE stand in the
middle of the room.

BIBBLE : ...how will you explain this invasion to the Senate?
NUTE : The Naboo and the Federation will forge a treaty that will
legitimize our occupation here. I've been assured it will be ratified by
the Senate.
AMIDALA : I will not co-operate.
NUTE : Now, now, your Highness. You are not going to like what we have in
store for your people. In time, their suffering will persuade you to see
our point of view. Commander. (OOM-9 steps forward) Process them.
OOM-9 : Yes, sir! (turns to his sergeant) Take them to Camp Four.

The SERGEANT marches the GROUP out of the throne room.

EXT. PALACE - PLAZA - DAY

QUEEN AMIDALA, PADME, EIRTA, YANE, RABE, SACHE, CAPTAIN PANAKA, SIO
BIBBLE,
and FOUR GUARDS are led out of the palace by ten BATTLE DROIDS. The plaza
is filled with tanks and BATTLE DROIDS, which they pass on their way to the
detention camp. Unbeknownst to them, QUI-GON, OBI-WAN, and JAR JAR sneak
across on a walkway above the plaza and jump from a balcony to begin an
attack to rescue the QUEEN.

FOUR BATTLE DROIDS are instantly cut down. MORE DROIDS move forward and are
also cut down by the JEDIS' flashing lightsabres until there is only the
DROID SERGEANT left. The SERGEANT starts to run but is pulled back to
QUI-GON by the Force, until finally he is dispatched by the JEDI.

JAR JAR : Yousa guys bombad!

QUEEN AMIDALA and the OTHERS are amazed. JAR JAR is getting used to this.
They move between two buildings.

QUI-GON : Your Highness, we are the Ambassadors, for the Supreme
Chancellor.
BIBBLE : Your negotiations seem to have failed, Ambassador.
QUI-GON : The negotiations never took place. Your Highness, we must make
contact with the republic.

CAPTAIN PANAKA steps forward.

CAPT. PANAKA : They've knocked out all our communications.
QUI-GON : Do you have transports?
CAPT. PANAKA : In the main hanger. This way.

THEY disappear down an alleyway as the ALARMS are sounded

INT. CENTRAL HANGER - HALLWAY - DAY

CAPTAIN PANAKA cracks open a side door to the central hanger. QUI-GON looks
in over his shoulder. OBI-WAN, JAR JAR, and the rest of the group are
behind him. They see several Naboo spacecraft guarded by about FIFTY BATTLE
DROIDS. ALARMS can be heard in the distance.

CAPT. PANAKA : There are too many of them.
QUI-GON : That won't be a problem. (to Amidala) Your Highness, under the
circumstances, Isuggest you come to Coruscant with us.
AMIDALA : Thank you, Ambassador, but my place is here with my people.
QUI-GON : They will kill you if you stay.
BIBBLE : They wouldn't dare.
CAPT. PANAKA : They need her to sign a treaty to make this invasion of
theirs legal. They can't afford to kill her.
QUI-GON : The situation here is not what it seems. There is something else
behind all this, Your Highness. There is no logic in the Federation's move
here. My feelings tell me they will destroy you.
BIBBLE : Please, Your Highness, reconsider. Our only hope is for the Senate
to side with us... Senator Palpatine will need your help.
CAPT. PANAKA : Getting past their blockade is impossible, Your Highness.
Any attempt to escape will be dangerous.
BIBBLE : Your Highness, I will stay here and do what I can...They will have
to retain the Council of Governors in order to maintain control. But you
must leave...

The QUEEN turns to PADME and EIRTAE.

AMIDALA : Either choice presents a great risk...to all of us...
PADME : We are brave, Your Highness.
QUI-GON : If you are to leave, Your Highness, it must be now.
AMIDALA : Then, I will plead our case before the Senate. (to Bibble) Be
careful, Governor.

INT. CENTRAL HANGER - DAY

The door opens to the main hanger. QUI-GON, OBI-WAN, JAR JAR, CAPTAIN
PANAKA, TWO GUARDS, and THREE HANDMAIDENS (PADME, EIRTAE, RABE),
followed
by QUEEN AMIDALA, head for a sleek chrome spacecraft. SIO BIBBLE, YANE and
SACHE stay behind. The HANDMAIDENS begin to cry.

CAPT. PANAKA : We need to free those pilots.

CAPTAIN PANAKA points to TWENTY GUARDS, GROUND CREW, and PILOTS held in a
corner by SIX BATTLE DROIDS.

OBI-WAN : I'll take care of that. OBI-WAN heads toward the group of
captured pilots.

QUI-GON and the QUEEN, CAPTAIN PANAKA, JAR JAR, and the rest Of the GROUP
approach the GUARDS at the ramp of the Naboo craft.

GUARD DROID : Where are you going?
QUI-GON : I'm Ambassador for the Supreme Chancellor, and I'm taking those
people to Coruscant.
DROID GUARD : You're under arrest!

The DROID GUARD draws his weapon, but before any of the DROIDS can fire,
they are cut down. OTHER GUARDS run to their aid. OBI-WAN attacks the
GUARDS around the PILOTS. QUI-GON stands, fighting off DROIDS as the OTHERS
rush on board the spacecraft. OBI-WAN, the FREED PILOTS (including RIC
OLIE), GUARDS and GROUND CREW MEMBERS rush on board the ship. The OTHER
PILOTS and GUARDS race to SIO BIBBLR. After everyone has made it onto the
ship, QUI-GONjumps on board. ALARMS sound. MORE DROIDS rush into the hanger
and fire as the ship takes off.

EXT. THEED - HANGER ENTRY - DAY (FX)

The ship exits the hanger. BATTLE DROIDS standing in the hanger shoot at
them.

EXT. SPACE (FX)

The sleek spacecraft speeds away from the planet of Naboo and heads for the
deadly Federation blockade.

INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - COCKPIT

The PILOT, RIC OLIE, navigates toward the massive battleship, QUI-GON and
CAPTAIN PANAKA watch.

RIC OLIE : ....our communications are still jammed.

INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - DROID HOLD

JAR JAR is led into a low, cramped doorway by OBI-WAN.

OBI-WAN : Now stay here, and keep out of trouble.

OBI-WAN closes the door. JAR JAR looks around and sees a long row of five
short, dome-topped ASTRO DROIDS (R-2 units). The all look alike, except for
thier paint color, and they all seem to be shut down.

JAR JAR : Ello, boyos. (no response) Disa wanna longo trip...hey?

JAR JAR taps a bright red R-2 UNIT on the head, and its head pops up a bit.
He lets out a gasp as he lifts the head.

JAR JAR : (Cont'd) Tis opens?...Oooops! Many springs and things come flying
out.

JAR JAR quickly closes it again, very embarrassed.

JAR JAR : (Cont'd) Yoi! Just yoken!
RIC OLIE : Powers back! That little droid did it. He bypassed the main
power drive. Deflector shield up, at maximum.

The lone BLUE DROID finishes his repairs and goes back into the ship. The
Naboo spacecraft races away from the Federation battleship.

RIC OLIE : There's not enough power to get us to Coruscant...the hyperdrive
is leaking.
QUI-GON : We'll have to land somewhere to refuel and repair the ship.

QUI-GON studies a star chart on a monitor.

OBI-WAN : Here, Master. Tatooine... It's small, out of the way, poor... The
Trade Federation has no presence there.
CAPT. PANAKA : How can you be sure?
QUI-GON : It's controlled by the Hutts...
CAPT. PANAKA : The Hutts??
OBI-WAN : It's risky...but there's no alternative.
CAPT. PANAKA : You can't take Her Royal Highness there! The Hutts are
gangsters... If they discovered her...
QUI-GON : ...It would be no different than if we landed on a system
controlled by the Federation...except the Hutts aren't looking for her,
which gives us an advantage.

CPATAIN PANAKA takes a deep breath in frustration.

EXT. SPACE - NABOO SPACECRAFT (FX)

The Naboo spacecraft races away.

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - CONFERENCE ROOM

NUTE and RUNE sit around a conference table with a hologram of DARTH
SIDIOUS.

NUTE : We control all the cities in the North and are searching for any
other settlements...
DARTH SIDIOUS : Destroy all high-ranking officials,
Viceroy...slowly...quietly. And Queen Amidala, has she signed the treaty?
NUTE : She has disappeared, My Lord. One Naboo cruiser got pat the
blockade.
DARTH SIDIOUS : Viceroy, find her! I want that treaty signed.
NUTE : My Lord, it's impossible to locate the ship. It's out of our range.
DARTH SIDIOUS : ...not for a Sith...

A second SITH LORD appears behind DARTH SIDIOUS.

DARTH SIDIOUS : (Cont'd) ...Viceroy, this is my apprentice. Lord Maul. He
will find your lost ship.
NUTE : Yes, My Lord. The hologram fades off.
NUTE : (Cont'd) This is getting out of hand...now there are two of them.
RUNE : We should not have made this bargain. What will happen when the Jedi
become aware of these Sith Lords?

INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - QUEENS CHAMBERS

QUI-GON, OBI-WAN, CAPTAIN PANAKA, and the LITTLE BLUE DROID stand before
QUEEN AMIDALA and her THREE HANDMAIDENS, PADME, EIRTAE and RABE.

CAPT. PANAKA : ...An extremely well put together little droid. Without a
doubt, it saved the ship, as well as our lives.
AMIDALA : It is to be commended...what is its number?

The LITTLE BLUE DROID lets out a series of bleeps.CAPTAIN PANAKA leans over
and scrapes some dirt off of the side of the DROID and read the number:

CAPT. PANAKA : R2-D2, Your Highness.
AMIDALA : Thank you, Artoo Detoo. You have proven to be very loyal...Padme!

PADME bows before the QUEEN.

AMIDALA : (Cont'd) Clean this droid up the best you can. It deserves our
gratitude...(to Panaka) Continue, Captain.

CAPTAIN PANAKA looks nervously to OBI-WAN and QUI-GON.

QUI-GON : Yor Highness, we are heading for a remote planet called Tatooine.
It is a system far beyond the reach of the Trade Federation. There we will
be able to make needed repairs, then travel on to Coruscant.
CAPTAIN PANAKA : Your Highness, Tatooine is very dangerous. It's controlled
by an alliance of gangs called the Hutts. I do not agree with the Jedi on
this.
QUI-GON : You must trust my judgement, Your Highness.

AMIDALA and PADME exchange looks. PADME moves next to the DROID.

INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - MAIN AREA

PADME sits in the Main Area, cleaning R2-D2, the brave little Astra Droid.
JAR JAR pops out of an open door.

JAR JAR : Hidoe!

Both PADME and ARTOO jump and let out a little SCREAM. The Gungan is
embarrassed that he frightened them.

JAR JAR : (Cont'd) Sorry, nomeanen to scare yousa.
PADME : That's all right.
JAR JAR : I scovered oily back dare. Needen it?
PADME : Thank you. This little guy is quite a mess.

JAR JAR hands PADME the oil can.

JAR JAR : Mesa Ja Ja Binksss... PADME : I'm Padme, I attend Her Highness,
You're a Gungan, aren't you? (Jar Jar nods) How did you end up here with
us?
JAR JAR : Me no know...mesa day starten pitty okeyday witda brisky morning
munchen. Den boom....getten berry skeered, un grabbed dat Jedi, and before
mesa knowen it...pow! Mesa here. (he shrugs)...getten berry berry skeered.

ARTOO BEEPS a sympathetic beep.

INT. ANBOO SPACECRAFT - COCKPIT

OBI-WAN, QUI-GON, and CAPTAIN PANAKA watch over RIC OLIE'S shoulder. A
large yellow planet appears directly ahead. RIC OLIE searches his scopes.

OBI-WAN : Tahyt's it. Tatooine.
RIC OLIE : There's a settlement...a spaceport, looks like.
QUI-GON : Land near the outskirts. We don't want to attract any attention.

EXT. TATOOINE - SPACE (FX)

The ship heads toward the planet of Tatooine.

EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - NABOO SPACECRAFT - DAY (FX)

The Naboo spacecraft lands in the desert in a swirl of dust. The spaceport
of Mos Espa is seen in the distance.

EXT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - MAIN AREA

OBI-WAN is hoisting the hyperdrive out of a floor panel. JAR JAR rushes up
to him and falls to his knees.

JAR JAR : Obi-Wan, sire, pleeese, no mesa go!
OBI-WAN : Sorry, Qui-Gon's right. You'll make things less obvious.

JAR JAR walks back to ARTOO in the hallway as QUI-GON (dressed as a farmer)
enters the main area.

OBI-WAN : (Cant'd) The Hyperdrive generator is gone. We will need a new
one.

QUI-GON moves closer to OBI-WAN and speaks quietly to him.

QUI-GON : Don't let them send ant transmissions. Be wary...I sense a
disturbance in the Force.
OBI-WAN : I fell it also, Master.

QUI-GON goes into the hallway to meet up with ARTOO and JAR JAR. They head
to the exit ramp.

EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - SPACESHIP - DAY

They start their trek across the desert toward the city of Mos Espa. In the
distance, a strange looking caravan makes its way toward the spaceport.

JAR JAR : Dis sun doen murder tada skin.

From the spaceship, CAPTAIN PANAKA and PADME run toward them.

CAPT. PANAKA : Wait!

QUI-GON stops as they catch up. PADME is dresses in rough peasant's garb.

CAPT. PANAKA : (Cont'd) Her Highness commands you to take her handmaiden
with you. She wishes for her to observe the local...
QUI-GON : No more commands from Her Highness today, Captain. This spaceport
is not going to be pleasant...
CAPT. PANAKA : The Queen wishes it. She is curious about this planet.
PADME : I've been trained in defense... I can take care of myself.
CAPT. PANAKA : Don't make me go back and tell her you refuse.
QUI-GON : I don't have time to argue. But this is not a good idea. Stay
close to me.

He gives PADME a stern look.

EXT. MOS ESPA - STREET - DAY

The little GROUP walks down the main street of Mos Espa. They pass
dangerous looking citizens of all types. PADME looks around in awe at this
exotic enviroment.

QUI-GON : ...moisture farms for the most part, but also a few indigenous
tribes and scavengers. The few spaceports like this one are havens for
those who do not wish to be found...
PADME : ....like us. JAR JAR is in a constant state of panic.

ARTOO whistles along, with perfect confidence.

JAR JAR : Dissen berry berry bad. (steps in ooze)
Ooooh...icky...icky...goo.

EXT. MOS ESPA - JUNK DEALER PLAZA - DAY

The GROUP comes to a little plaza surrounded by several junk spaceship
dealers.

QUI-GON : We'll try one of the smaller dealers.

They head for a little junk shop that has a huge pile of broken spaceships
stacked up behind it.

INT. WATTO'S JUNK SHOP - DAY

QUI-GON, JAR JAR, PADME, and ARTOO enter the dingy junk shop and are
greeted by WATTO, a pudgy blue alien who flies on short little wings like a
hummingbird.

WATTO : (subtitled) Hi chuba da naga? (What do you want?)
QUI-GON : I need parts for a J-type 327 Nubian.
WATTO : Ah yes, ah yes. Nubian. We have lots of that. What kinda junk?
(subtitled) Peedenkel! Naba dee unko (Boy, get in here! Now!)
QUI-GON : My droid here has a readout of what I need.

A disheveled boy, ANAKIN SKYWALKER, runs in from the junk yard. He is about
nine years old, very dirty, and dressed in rags. WATTO raises a hand, and
ANAKIN flinches.

WATTO : (subtitled) Coona tee-tocky malia? (What took you so long?)
ANAKIN : (subtitled) Mel tassa cho-passa... (I was cleaning the bin like
you...)
WATTO : (subtitled) Chut-Chut! Ganda doe wallya. (Never mind! Watch the
store) Me dwana no bata. (I've got some selling to do here.) (to Gui-Gon)
Soooo, let me take- a thee out back. Ni you'll find what you need.

ARTOO and QUI-GON follow WATTO toward the junk yard, leaving JAR JAR with
PADME and the young boy ANAKIN. JAR JAR picks up a gizmo, trying to figure
out its purpose. QUI-GON takes the part out of his hand and puts it back.

QUI-GON : Don't touch anything.

JAR JAR makes a rude face to QUI-GON's back and sticks out his long tongue.
ANAKIN sits on the counter, pretending to clean a part, staring at PADME.
She is the most beautiful creaure he has ever seen in his life. PADME is a
little embarrassed by his stare, but she musters up an amused smile.
Finally, he gets the courage to speak.

ANAKIN : Are you an angel?
PADME : What?
ANAKIN : An angel. I've heard the deep space pilots talk about them. They
live on the Moons of Iego I thimk. They are the most beautiful creatures in
the universe. They are good and kind, and so pretty they make even the most
hardened spice pirate cry.

PADME looks at him, not knowing what to say. PADME : I've never heard of
angels.

ANAKIN : You must be one...maybe you just don't know it.
PADME : You're a funny little boy. How do you know so much?
ANAKIN : Since I was very little, three, I think. My Mom and I were sold to
Gardulla the Hutt, but she lost us, betting on the Podraces, to Watto,
who's a lot better master than Gardulla, I think.
PADME : You're...a slave?

ANAKIN looks at PADME defiantly.

ANAKIN : I am a person! My name is Anakin.
PADME : I'm sorry. I don't fully understand. (looking around)This is a
strange world to me.

ANAKIN studies her intently.

ANAKIN : You are a strange girl to me.

JAR JAR pushes the nose on what appears to be a LITTLE DROID, and it
instantly comes to life, grows legs and arms, and starts marching around,
knocking over everything. JAR JAR hold on but can't stop it.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Hit the nose!

JAR JAR hits the nose, and the DROID collapses back into its original
state. ANAKIN and PADME laugh. ANAKIN watches PADME straighten her hair.

EXT. WATTO'S JUNK YARD - BEHIND SHOP - DAY

WATTO reads a small portable monitor he is holding. He stands before a
hyperdrive.

WATTO : ...Here it is...a T-14 hyperdrive generator!! Thee in luck, I'm the
only one hereabouts who has one...but thee might as well buy a new ship. It
would be cheaper, I think...Sying of which, how's thee going to pay for all
this?
QUI-GON : I have 20,000 Republic dataries.
WATTO : Republic credits?!? Republic credits are no good out here. I need
something more real...
QUI-GON : I don't have anything else. (raising his hand) But credits will
do fine.
WATTO : No they won'ta. QUI-GON, using his mind power, waves his hand
again.
QUI-GON : Credits will do fine.
WATTO : No, they won'ta. What you think you're some kinda Jedi, waving your
hand around like that? I'm a Toydarian. Mind tricks don'ta work on me-only
money. No money, no parts! No deal! And no one else has a T-14 hyperdrive,
I promise you that.

INT. WATTO'S JUNK SHOP - DAY

JAR JAR pulls a part out of a stack of parts to inspect it, and they all
come tumblimg down. He struggles to catch them, only to knock more down.
ANAKIN and PADME are oblivious.

ANAKIN : ...wouldn't have lasted long if I weren't so good at fixing
things. I'm making my own droid...

QUI-GON hurries into the shop, followed by ARTOO. QUI-GON : We're leaving.
JAR JAR follows QUI-GON. PADME gives ANAKIN a loving look.

PADME : I'm glad I met you,....ah...
ANAKIN : ...Anakin.
PADME : Anakin.
ANAKIN : Anakin Skywalker.
PADME : Padme Naberrie.

PADME turns, and ANAKIN looks sad as he watches her leave.

ANAKIN : I'm glad I met you too.

WATTO enters the junk yard, shaking his head.

WATTO : (subtitled) Ootmians! Tinka me chasa hopoe ma booty na nolia.
(Outlanders! They think because we live so far from the center, we don't
know nothing.)
ANAKIN : (subtitled) La lova num botaffa. (They seemed nice to me.) WATTO :
(subtitled) Fweepa niaga. Tolpa da bunky dunko. (Clean the racks, then you
can go home.)

ANAKIN lets out a "yipee" and runs out the back.

EXT. MOS ESPA - STREET - ALCOVE - DAY

QUI-GON, ARTOO, JAR JAR, and PADME have found a quiet spot between two
buildings. The busy street beyond is filled with dangerous looking
creatures. QUI-GON is talking on his com-link, while JAR JAR nervously
watches the street. OBI-WAN is in the main hold of the Naboo craft.

QUI-GON : ...Obi-Wan, you're sure there isn't anything of value left on
board?
OBI-WAN : (V.O) A few containers of supplies, the Queen's wardrobe, maybe.
Not enough for you to barter with. Not in the ammounts you're talking
about.
QUI-GON : All right. Another solution will present itself. I'll check back.

QUI-GON puts his comlink away and starts out into the main street. JAR JAR
grabs his arm.

JAR JAR : Noah gain...da beings hereabouts cawazy. Wesa be robbed un
crunched.
QUI-GON : Not likely. We have nothing of value, that's our problem.

EXT. MOS ESPA - STREET - MARKET - DAY

QUI-GON, PADME, JAR JAR, and ARTOO move out into the street. JAR JAR is
walking behind the others. They walk by an outdoor cafe filled with a rough
gang of aliens, one of which is especially ugly, SEBULBA, a spider-like
creature. JAR JAR stops for a moment in front of a stall selling dead frogs
hanging on a wire. He looks around to see if anyone is looknig, then sticks
out his tongue, and gets hold of one, pulling it into his mouth.
Unfortunately, the frog is tied tightly to the wire. The vendor suddenly
appears.

VENDOR : Hey, that will be seven truguts!!

JAR JAR opens his mouth in surprise, and the frog snaps away, ricochets
around the market, and lands in Sebulba's soup, splashing him. As JAR JAR
moves away from the VENDOR, SEBULBA jumps up on the table and grabs the
hapless Gungan.

SEBULBA : (subtitled) Chuba!! (You!!) JAR JAR : Who, mesa?? SEBULBA :
(subtitled) Ni chuba na?? (Is this yours??)

SEBULBA holds the frog up to the Gungan threateningly. SEVERAL OTHER
CREATURES start to gather. SEBULBA shoves JAR JAR to the ground. The Gungan
desperately tries to scramble to safety.

JAR JAR : (to himself) Why mesa always da one??
ANAKIN : (V.O) Because you're afraid.

JAR JAR turns to see ANAKNI pushing his way next to him. The boy stands up
to SEBULBA in a very self-assured way.

ANAKIN : (subtitled) Chess ko, Sebulba...Coo wolpa tooney rana. (Careful,
Sebulba...This one's very connected.)

SEBULBA stops his assault on JAR JAR and turns to ANAKIN.

SEBULBA : (subtitled) Tooney rana nu pratta dunko, shag. (Connected?? Whada
you mean, slave?)
ANAKIN : (subtitled) Oh da Hutt...cha porko ootman geesa...me teesa rodda
co pana pee choppa chawa. (As in Hutt...big time outlander, this one... I'd
hate to see you diced before we race again.)
SEBULBA : (subtitled) Neek me chowa, wermo, mo killee ma klounkee(Next time
we race, wermo, it will be the end of you!) Una noto wo shag, me wompity du
pom pom. (If you weren't a slave, I'd squash you right now.)

SEBULBA turns away.

ANAKIN : (subtitled) Eh, chee bana do mullee ra. (Yeah, it'd be a pity if
you had to pay for me.)

QUI-GON, PADME and ARTOO arrive.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Hi! Your buddy here was about to be turned into orange
goo. He picked a fight with a Dug. An especially dangerous Dug called
Sebulba.
JAR JAR : Nosir, nosir. Mesa hate crunchen. Dat's da last ting mesa wanten.
QUI-GON : Nevertheless, the boy is right...you were heading for trouble.
Thank you, my young friend.

PADME looks at ANAKINB and smiles; he smiles back. They start walking down
the crowded street.

JAR JAR : Mesa doen nutten!
ANAKIN : Fear attracts the fearful. He was trying to overcome his fear by
squashing you...be less afraid.
PADME : And that works for you.
ANAKIN : To a point. (he smiles)

EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - SPACESHIP - DAY

OBI-WAN stands in front of the Naboo spacecraft as the wind picks up and
begins to whip at his robe. CAPTAIN PANAKA exits the ship and joins him.

OBI-WAN : This storm's going to slow them down.
CAPT. PANAKA : It looks pretty bad. We'd better seal the ship.

CAPTAIN PANAKA'S comlink sounds off.

CAPT. PANAKA : (Cont'd) Yes? CAPT. PANAKA : We'll be right there.

EXT. MOS ESPA - STREET - FRUIT STAND - DAY

ANAKIN and the GROUP stop at a fruit stand run by a jolly, but very poor,
old lady named JIRA.

ANAKIN : How are you feeling today, Jira?
JIRA : The heat's never been kind to me, you know, Annie!
ANAKIN : Guess what? I've found that cooling unit I've been searching for.
It's pretty beat up, but I'll have it fixed up for you in no time, I
promise.
JIRA : You're a fine boy, Annie.
ANAKIN : I'll take four pallies today. (to Padme) You'll like these...

ANAKIN reaches in his pocket and comes up with three coins. He drops one.
QUI-GON picks it up, revealing for a moment, his lightsabre.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Whoops, I thought I had more...Make thgat three, I'm not
hungry.

The wind picks up. SHOP OWNERS are starting to close up their shops as JIRA
gives them their pallies.

JIRA : Gracious, my bones are aching...storm's coming on, Annie. You'd
better get home quick.
ANAKIN : (to QUI-GON) Do you have shelter?
QUI-GON : We'll hed back to our ship.
ANAKIN : Is it far?
PADME : On the outskirts.
ANAKIN : You'll never reach the outskirts in time...sandstorms are very,
very dangerous. Come with me. Hurry!

The GROUP follows ANAKIN as he rushes down the windy street.

EXT. MOS ESPA - SLAVE QUARTERS - STREET - SANDSTORM - DAY

The wind is blowing hard as QUI-GON, JAR JAR, and PADME follow ANAKIN down
the street and into a slave hovel.

INT. ANAKIN'S HOVEL - MAIN ROOM - DAY

QUI-GON, JAR JAR, ARTOO, and PADME enter a small living space.

ANAKIN : Mom! Mom! I'm home.
JAR JAR : Dissen cozy.

Anakin's mother, SHMI SKYWALKER, a warm, friendly woman of forty, enters
from her work area and is startled to see the room full of people.

SHMI : Oh, my!! Annie, what's this?
ANAKIN : These are my friends, Mom. This is Padme, and...gee, I don't know
any of your names.
QUI-GON : I'm Qui-Gon Jinn, and this is Jar Jar Binks. ARTOO lets out a
little beep.
PADME : ...and our droid, Artoo-Detoo.
ANAKIN : I'm building a droid. You wanna see?
SHMI : Anakin! Why are they here?
ANAKIN : A sandstorm, Mom. Listen.

The wind HOWLS outside.

QUI-GON : Your son was kind enough to offer us shelter.
ANAKIN : Come on! Let me show you Threepio!

ANAKIN leads PADME into the other room. ARTOO follows, beeping all the way.
QUI-GON takes five small capsules from his utility belt and hands them to
SHMI.

QUI-GON : I have enough food for a meal.
SHMI : Oh, tank you. Thank you so much. I'm sorry if I was abrupt. I'll
never get used to Anakin's surprises.
QUI-GON : He's a very special boy. SHMI looks at him as if he's discovered
a secret.
SHMI : Yes, I know.

INT. ANAKIN'S HOVEL - BEDROOM - DAY

ANAKIN shows off his ANDROID, which is lying on his workbench. There is one
eye in the head; the body, arms, and legs have no outer coverings.

ANAKIN : Isn't he great?! He's not finished yet.
PADME : He's wonderful!
ANAKIN : You reall like him? He's a protocol droid...to help Mom. Watch!

ANAKIN pushes a switch, and the DROID sits up. Anakin rushes around, grabs
an eye and puts it in one of the sockets.

THREEPIO : How do you do, I am See-Threepio, Human Cyborg Relations. How
might I serve you?
PADME : He's perfect.
ANAKIN : When the storm is over, you can see my racer. I'm building a
Podracer!

PADME smiles at his enthusiasm. ARTOO lets out a flurry of beeps and
whistles.

THREEPIO : I beg your pardon....what do you mean I'm naked?

ARTOO BEEPS

THREEPIO : (Cont'd) My parts are showing? Oh, my goodness. How
embarrassing!

INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - QUEENS CHAMBERS

AMIDALA, EIRTAE, RABE, and OBI-WAN watch a very bad transmission of a SIO
BIBBLE hologram.

BIBBLE : ...cut off all food supplies until you return...the death toll is
catastrophic...we must bow to their wishes, Your Highness...Please tell us
what to do! If you can hear us, Your Highness, you must contact me...

AMIDALA looks upset...almost nervous.

OBI-WAN : It's a trick. Send no reply... Send no transmission of any kind.

INT. ANAKIN'S HOVEL - MAIN ROOM - DAY

QUI-GON listens to his comlink. OBI-WAN is in the cockpit.

OBI-WAN : ...the Queen is upset...but absolutly no reply was sent.
QUI-GON : It sounds like bait to establish a connection trace.
OBI-WAN : What if it is true and the people are dying?
QUI-GON : Either way, we're running out of time.

EXT. CORUSCANT - BALCONY OVERLOOKING CITY - NIGHT

DARTH SIDIOUS and DARTH MAUL look out over the vast city.

DARTH MAUL : Tatooine is sparsely populated. If the trace was correct, I
will find them quickly, Master.
DARTH SIDIOUS : Move against the Jedi first...you will then have no
difficulty taking the Queen back to Naboo, where she will sign the treaty.
DARTH MAUL : At last we will reveal ourselves to the Jedi. At last we will
have revenge.
DARTH SIDIOUS : You have been well trained, my young apprentice, they will
be no match for you. It is too late for them to stop us now. Everything is
going as planned. The Republic will soon be in my command.

The hologram of DARTH MAUL fades off as DARTH SIDIOUS looks out over the
city. EXT. MOS ESPA - SANDSTORM - DAY

The giant sandstorm engulfs the town, including the Naboo spaceship on the
outskirts of the city center, where Watto's ship is; and the slave
quarters, where drifts of sand begin building up against Anakin's house.

INT. ANAKIN'S HOVEL - MAIN ROOM - DAY

QUI-GON, ANAKIN, SHMI, JAR JAR, and PADME are seated around a makeshift
table, having dinner as the wind howls outside.
JAR JAR slurps his soup rather loudly. Everyone looks at him. He turns a
little brighter red.

SHMI : All slaves have transmitters placed inside their bodies somewhere.
ANAKIN : I've been working on a scanner to try and locate them, but no
luck.
SHMI : Any attempt to escape...
ANAKIN : ...and they blow you up...poof!

PADME and JAR JAR are horrified.

JAR JAR : How wude.
PADME : I can't believe there is still slavery in the galaxy. The
Republic's anti-slavery laws...
SHMI : The Republic doesn't exist out here...we must survive on our own.

An awkward silence. ANAKIN attempts to end the embarrassment.

ANAKIN : Have you ever seen a Podrace?

PADME shakes her head no. She notices the concern of SHMI. JAR JAR snatches
some food from a bowl at the other end of the table with his tongue.
QUI-GON gives him a dirty look.

QUI-GON : They have Podracing on Malastare. Very fast, very dangerous.
ANAKIN : I'm the only human who can do it.

SHMI looks askance at her son.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Mom, what? I'm not bragging. It's true. Watto says he's
never heard of a human doing it.
QUI-GON : You must have Jedi reflexes if you race Pods.

ANAKIN smiles. JAR JAR attempts to snare another bit of food from the bowl
with his tongue, but QUI-GON, in a flash, grabs it between his thumb and
forefinger. JAR JAR is startled.

QUI-GON : (Cont'd) Don't do that again.

JAR JAR tries to acknowledge with some silly mumbling. QUI-GON lets go of
the tongue, and it snaps back into JAR JAR's mouth.

ANAKIN : I...I was wondering...something...
QUI-GON : What?
ANAKIN : Well, ahhh...you're a Jedi Knight, aren't you?
QUI-GON : What makes you think that?
ANAKIN : I saw your laser sword. Only Jedi carry that kind of weapon.

QUI-GON leans back and slowly smiles.

QUI-GON : Perhaps I killed a Jedi and stole it from him.
ANAKIN : I don't think so... No one can kill a Jedi Knight.
QUI-GON : I wish that were so...
ANAKIN. I had a dream I was a Jedi. I came back here and freed all the
slaves...have you come to free us?
QUI-GON : No, I'm afraid not...
ANAKIN : I think you have...why else would you be here?

QUI-GON thinks for a moment.

QUI-GON : I can see there's no fooling you...(leans forward) You mustn't
let anyone know about us...we're on our way to Coruscant, the central
system in the Republic, on a very important mission, and it must be kept
secret.
ANAKIN : Coruscant...wow...how did you end up here in the outer rim?
PADME : Our ship was damaged, and we're stranded here until we can repair
it.
ANAKIN : I can help! I can fix anything!
QUI-GON : I believe you can, but our first job is to aquire the parts we
need...
JAR JAR : Wit no-nutten mula to trade.
PADME : These junk dealers must have a weakness of some kind.
SHMI : Gambling. Everything here revolves around betting on those awful
races.
QUI-GON : Podracing... Greed can be a powerful ally.. if it's used
properly.
ANAKIN : I've built a racer! It's the fastest ever...There's a big race
tomorrow, on Boonta Eve. You could enter my pod. It's all but finished...
SHMI : Anakin, settle down. Watto won't let you...
ANAKIN : Watto doesn't know I've built it. (to Qui-Gon) You could make him
think it's your's, and you could get him to let me pilot it for you.

QUI-GON looks to SHMI. She is upset.

SHMI : I don't want you to race, Annie...It's awful. I die every time Watto
makes you do it.

ANAKIN : But Mom, I love it...and they need help...they're in trouble. The
prize money would more than pay for the parts they need. JAR JAR : Wesa ina
pitty bad goo.
GUI-GON : Your mother's right. Is there anyone friendly to the Republic who
might be able to help us?

SHMI shakes her head no.

ANAKIN : We have to help them, Mom...you said that the biggest problem in
the universe is no one helps each other...
SHMI : Anakin, don't...

JAR JAR belches. There is silence for a moment as they eat.

PADME : I'm sure Qui-Gon doesn't want to put your son in danger. We will
find another way...
SHMI : No, Annie's right, there is no other way... I may not like it, but
he can help you...he was meant to help you.
ANAKIN : Is that a yes? That is a yes!

The storm continues to rage outside the slave hovel.

EXT. MOS ESPA - JUNK DEALER PLAZA - DAY

The storm has passed. VENDORS and STREET PEOPLE clean up the mess and
rebuild their food stalls. JAR JAR sits on a box in front of Watto's parts
shop, watching all the activity with growing nervousness. ARTOO is standing
next to him. PADME stops QUI-GON as he is about to enter the shop.

PADME : Are you sure about this? Trusting our fate to a boy we hardly know.
The Queen will not approve.
QUI-GON : The Queen does not need to know.
PADME : Well, I don't approve.

QUI-GON turns and starts into the shop.

INT. WATTO'S JUNK SHOP - DAY

WATTO and ANAKIN are in the middle of an animated discussion in Huttese.

WATTO : Patta go bolla!
ANKAIN : No batta!
WATTO : Pedunky. Maa kee cheelya.
ANAKIN : Bayno, Bayno!

QUI-GON walks in, and WATTO and ANAKIN join him.

WATTO : The boy tells me you wanta sponser hi insa race. You can't afford
parts. How can you do this? Not on Republic credits, I think. (he laughs)
QUI-GON : My ship will be the entry fee.

QUI-GON pulls a small object that looks like a watch out of his pocket, and
a hologram of the Naboo spacecraft appears about a foot long in front of
WATTO. He studies it.

WATTO : Not bad...not bad...a Nubian.
QUI-GON : It's in good order, except for the parts we need.
WATTO : ...but what would the boy ride? He smashed up my Pod in the last
race. It will take some time to fix it.

ANAKIN is embarrassed and steps forward.

ANAKIN : Ahhhh....it wasn't my fault really...Sebulba flashed me with his
vent ports. I actually saved the Pod...mostly.
WATTO : (laughing) That you did. The boy is good, no doubts there.
QUI-GON : I have...acquired a Pod in a game of chance. "The fastest ever
built."
WATTO : I hope you didn't kill anyone I know for it. (laughs) So, you
supply the Pod and the entry fee; I supply the boy. We split the winnings
fifty-fifty, I think.
QUI-GON : Fifty-fifty!?! If it's going to be fifty-fifty, I suggest you
front the cash for the entry. If we win, you keep all the winnings, minus
the cost of the parts I need...If we lose, you keep my ship.

WATTO thinks about this. ANAKIN tries not to be nervous.

QUI-GON : (Cont'd) Either way, you win.
WATTO : (subtitled) Deal! Yo bana pee ho-tah, meedee ya. (Your friend is a
follish one, methinks.)

EXT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - TATOOINE DESERT - DAY

OBI-WAN stands outside the Naboo spacecraft, speaking into his comlink.
QUI-GON is on the back porch of the hovel.

OBI-WAN : What if this plan fails, Master? We could be stuck here for a
long time.
QUI-GON : (V.O) A ship without a power supply will not get us anywhere, and
there is something about this boy...

EXT MOS ESPA - SLAVE QUARTERS - PORCH - DAY

QUI-GON puts the comlink away as SHMI comes onto the porch

PADME, ANAKIN, JAR JAR, and ARTOO work on the engines of the Podracer in
the courtyard below.

QUI-GON : You should be proud of your son. He gives without any thought of
reward.
SHMI : He knows nothing of greed. He has...
QUI-GON : He has special powers.
SHMI : Yes...
QUI-GON : He can see things before they happen. That's why he appears to
have such quick reflexes. It is a Jedi trait.
SHMI : He deserves better than a slave's life.
QUI-GON : The Force is unusally strong with him, that much is clear. Who
was his father?
SHMI : There was no father, that I know of...I carried him, I gave him
birth...I can't explain what happened. Can you help him?
QUI-GON : I'm afraid not. Had he been born in the Republic, we would have
identified him early, and he would have become Jedi, no doubt...he has the
way. But it's too late for him now, he's too old.

EXT. MOS ESPA - SLAVE QUARTERS - BACK YARD - DAY

KITSTER (a young boy about Anakin's age), SEEK (a boy of ten), AMEE (a girl
of six), and WALD (a Greedo Type, six years old) join ANAKIN, JAR JAR,
ARTOO, and PADME securing some wiring.

ANAKIN : Padme and Jar Jar, this is my friend Kitster, and seek, Amee, and
Wald.

All whistle, hoot, and speak a greeting.

KITSTER : Wow, a real Astro Droid...how'd you get so lucky?
ANAKIN : This isn't the half of it. I'm entered in the Boonta Race
tomorrow!
KITSTER : What? With this??
WALD : (subtitled) Annie, Jesko na joka. 9You are such a joke, Annie.)
AMEE : You've been working on that thing for years. It's never going to
run.
SEEK : Come on, let's go play ball. Keep it up, Annie, and you're gonna be
bug squash.

SEEK, WALD, and AMEE take off, laughing. JAR JAR is fiddling with one of
the energy binder plates.

ANAKIN : Hey! Jar Jar! Stay away from those energy binders...
JAR JAR : Who, mesa?
ANAKIN : If your hand gets caught in that beam, it will go numb for hours.

JAR JAR peeks at the energy plate; it makes a little electronic pop, zaps
him in the mouth and jumps back. JAR JAR tries to say something, but his
mouth is numb and his words are garbled.

JAR JAR : Ouch-dats muy bigo Oucho. (Gibberish)
KITSTER : But you don't even know if this thing will run.
ANAKIN : It will.

QUI-GON approaches the GROUP and gives ANAKIN a small battery. JAR JAR gets
his hand caught in the afterburner and tries to tell Anakin, but can't get
words out that make sense.

QUI-GON : I think it's time we found out. Use this power charge. ANAKIN :
Yes, sir!!

ANAKIN jumps into the little capsule behind the two giant engines. He puts
the power pack back into the dashboard. EVERYONE backs away, except for JAR
JAR who calls for help. Finally PADME frees him and the engines ignite with
a ROAR. EVERYONE cheers.

EXT. MOS ESPA - SLAVE QUARTERS - PORCH - DAY

SHMI, watching from the porch, smiles sadly.

EXT. SLAVE QUARTERS - BALCONY - NIGHT

ANAKIN sits on the balcony rail of his hovel as QUI-GON tends to a cut. The
BOY leans back to look at the vast blanket of stars in the sky.

QUI-GON : Sit still, Annie. Let me clean this cut.
ANAKIN : There are so many! Do they all have a system of planets?
QUI-GON : Most of them.
ANAKIN : Has anyone been to them all?
QU-IG0N : (laughs) Not likely.
ANAKIN : I want to be the first one to see them all... Ouch!

QUI-GON wipes a patch of blood off ANAKIN'S arm.

QUI-GON : There, good as new...

SHMI yells from inside the hovel.

SHMI : (O.S.) Annie, bedtime!

QUI-GON scrapes ANAKIN's blood onto a comlink chip.

ANAKIN : What are you doing?
QUI-GON : Checking your blood for infections.
ANAKIN : I've never seen...
SHMI : (O.S.) Annie! I'm not goiung to tell you again!
QUI-GON : Go on, you have a big day tomorrow. (beat) Goodnight.

ANAKIN rolls his eyes and runs into the hovel. QUI-GON takes the blood
stained chip and inserts it into the comlink, then calls OBI-WAN.

QUI-GON : (Cont'd) Obi-Wan...
OBI-WAN : Yes, Master.
QUI-GON : Make an analysis of this blood sample I'm sending you.
OBI-WAN : Wait a minute...
QUI-GON : I need a midi-chlorian count.
OBI-WAN : All right. I've got it.
QUI-GON : What are your readings?
OBI-WAN : Something must be wrong with the transmission.
QUI-GON : Here's a signal check.
OBI-WAN : Strange. The transmission seems to be in good order, but the
reading's off the chart...over twenty thousand.
QUI-GON : (almost to himself) That's it then.
OBI-WAN : Even Master Yoda doesn't have a midi-chlorian count that high!
QUI-GON : No Jedi has.
OBI-WAN : What does it mean?
QUI-GON : I'm not sure.

The JEDI KNIGHT looks up and sees SHMI in the doorway watching him.
Embarrassed, she goes back into the kitchen while QUI-GON ponders the
situation.

EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT MESA - NIGHT

The sinister looking Sith spacecraft lands on top of a desert mesa at dus,
scattering a herd of banthas. DARTH MAUL walks to the edge of the mesa and
studies the landscape with a pair of electrobinoculars. He picks out the
lights of three different cities in the distance, then pushes buttons on
his electronic armband.

Six football-sized PROBE DROIDS float out of the ship and head off in three
different directions toward the cities.

DARTH MAUL stands on the mesa and watches them through his
electrobinoculars.

EXT. MOS ESPA - SLAVE QUARTERS - PORCH - SUNRISE

Padme exits the hovel.

EXT. MOS ESPA - SLAVE QUARTERS - BACK YARD - SUNRISE

As the twin suns rise, ARTOO is busy painting the racing Pod. ANAKIN is
asleep. PADME passes ARTOO.

PADME : I hope you're about finished.

ARTOO whistles a positive reply. PADME sees KITSTER riding toward them on
an EOPIE, a strange camel-lile creature. He is leading a second EOPIE
behind him. PADME goes over to ANAKIN. He looks very vulnerable as he
sleeps. She watches him, then touches him on the cheek. ANAKIN wakes up,
yawns, and looks at her, a little puzzled.

ANAKIN : You were in my dream...you were leading a huge army into battle.
PADME : I hope not; I hate fighting. Your mother wants you to come in and
clean up. We have to leave soon. ANAKIN stands up and stretches just as
KITSTER arrives.

ANAKIN : Hook 'em up, Kitster. (to Padme) I won't be long. Where's Qui-Gon?

PADME : He and Jar Jar left already. They're with Watto at the arena.

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - MAIN HANGER - DAY

RACE CREWS mill about outside the Main Hanger.

INT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - MAIN HANGER - DAY

The hanger is a large building with a dozen or so Podracers being readied
for the race. ALIEN CREWS and PILOTS rush about, making last minute fixes
on their vehicles. WATTO, QUI-GON, and JAR JAR walk through the activity.

WATTO : ...I want to see your spaceship the moment the race is over.
QUI-GON : Patienc, my blue friend. You'll have your winnings before the
suns set, and we'll be far away from here.
WATTO : Not if your ship belongs to me, I think...I warn you, no funny
business.
QUI-GON : You don't think Anakin will win?

WATTO stops before an orange racer. Sitting to one side, having his
shoulders and neck massaged by TWIN YOBANAS, is SEBULBA.

WATTO : Don't get me wrongo. I have great faith in the boy. He's a credit
to your race, but Sebulba there is going to win, I think.
QUI-GON : Why?
WATTO : He always wins. (laughs) I'm betting heavily on Sebulba.
QUI-GON : I'll take that bet.
WATTO : (suddenly stops laughing) What??!! What do you mean?
QUI-GON : I'll wager my new racing pod against...say...the boy and his
mother.
WATTO : A Pod for slaves. I don't think so...well, poerhaps. Just one...the
mother, maybe...the boy isn't for sale.
QUI-GON : The boy is small, he can't be worth much.

WATTO shakes his head.

QUI-GON : (Cont'd) For the fastest Pod ever built?!

WATTO shakes his head again.

QUI-GON : (Cont'd) Both, or no bet.
WATTO : No Pod's worth two slaves...not by a long shot...one slave or
nothing.
QUI-GON : The boy, then...

WATTO pulls out a small cube from his pocket.

WATTO : We'll let fate decide. Blue it's the boy, red his mother...

WATTO tosses the cube down. QUI-GON lifts his hand slightly; it turns blue.
QUI-GON smiles. WATTO is angry.

WATTO : (Cont'd) You won the small toss, outlander, bou you won't win the
race, so...it makes little difference.

ANAKIN and PADME enter the hanger on one of the EOPIES, pulling an engine.
KITSTER, on the other EOPIE, is pulling another engine. With THREEPIO
walking alongside, ARTOO trundles behind, pulling the Pod with SHMI sitting
on it. WATTO passes ANAKIN as he leaves.

WATTO : (Cont'd) (subtitled) Bonapa keesa pateeso, o wanna meetee chobodd.
(Better stop your friends betting, or I'll end up owning him, too.)

WATTO walks off, laughing.

ANAKIN : What did he mean by that?

QUI-GON : I'll tell you later.

ARTOO beeps at THREEPIO.

THREEPIO : Oh my! Space travel sounds rather perilous.

ARTOO emits a series of beeps.

THREEPIO : I can assure you they will never get me onto one of those
dreadful starships!
KITSTER : (to Anakin) This is so wizard! I'm sure you'll do it this time,
Annie.
PADME : Do what?
KITSTER : Finish the race, of course!
PADME : You've never won a race?
ANAKIN : Well...not exactly...
PADME : Not even finished?!

ANAKN looks sheepish.

ANAKIN : ...but Kitster's right, I will this time.
QUI-GON : Of course you will.

EXT. MOS ESPA - STREET - DAY

One of Darth Maul's PROBE DROIDS slowly floats down the main street of
Tatooine. It looks in shops and studies PEOPLE as it searches for OBI-WAN,
QI-GON, or the QUEEN.

EXT. MOS ESPA - DESERT RACE ARENA - DAY

An EXTREME HIGH WIDE ANGLE reveals a vast arena in the Tatooine desert. A
large semi-circular amphitheatre that holds at least a hundred thousand
people dominates the landscape. Large viewing platforms loom over the
racetrack. INT. MOS ESPA - ARENA ANNOUNCER'S BOX - DAY (FX)

A two-headed ANNOUNCER describes the scene.

FODE/BEED : -
A: Toogi! Toogie! (Greetings) Toong mee cha kulkah du Boonta magi! tah oos
azalus ooval Poddraces. (We have perfect weather today for the Boonta
classic. The most hazardous of all Podraces.)
B : That's absolutly right. And a big turnout here, from all corners of the
Outer Rim territories. I see the contestants are making their way out onto
the starting grid.

EXT. MOS ESPA - DESERT RACE ARENA - DAY

On the left side of the tracks across from the grandstands, a line of
Podracers emerges from the large hanger, surrounded by several CREW
MEMBERS. Pods are pulled by a wide variety of CREATURES and are led by
aliens carrying flags. The PILOTS stand facing the royal box.

FODE/BEED : -
(O.S) A : La Yma beestoo (Yes, there they are!)
B : I see Ben Quadinaros from the Tund system.
A : ...eh Gasgano doowa newpa Ord Petrovia! (And Gasgano in thenew Ord
Pedrovia.)
B : Two time winner, Boles Roor...
A : Poo tula moosta, woe grane champio Sebulba du Pixelito! Splastyleeya
bookie ookie!! (On the front line the reigning champion, Sebulba from
Pixelito. By far the favorite today.)
B : And a late entry, Anakin Skywalker, a local boy.
A : Wampa peedunkee unko ( I hope he has better luck this time.)
B : I see the flaggers are moving onto the track.

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - GRANDSTAND - DAY

Colorful canopies shade some of the SPECTATORS. VENDORS sell barbecued
creature parts and colorful drinks.

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - ROYAL BOX - DAY (FX)

All the PILOTS bow from the waist as JABBA THE HUTT enters the box and
waves to the crowd.

FODE/BEED : -
A : O grandio lust, Jabba Du Hutt, amu intoe tah parena. (His honor, our
glorious host, Jabba the Hutt has entered the arena.)

The crowd ROARS. SEVERAL OTHER SLUG-LIKE HUTTS follow, along with humans
and aliens. Several SLAVE GIRLS on a chain are led alongside JABBA.

JABBA : (subtitled) Chowbaso! Tam ka chee Boonta rulee ya, kee madda
hodrudda du wundee. (Welcome!) Sebulba tuta Pixelito...

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - STARTING GRID - DAY

SEBULBA, who is right next to ANAKIN, stands and waves to his fans. A small
pep band plays as his fans wave and cheer.

KITSTER attaches the giant engins to Anakin's Pod with a long cable. SHMI
gives ANAKIN a big hug and kiss. She looks him right in the eye.

SHMI : Be safe.
ANAKIN : I will, Mom. I promise.

She leaves as ANAKIN checks the cable hitches.

JABBA : ...Mawhonic tuta Hok, Teemto Pagalies tuta Moonus Mandel, Anakin
SKywalker tuta Tatoonine....

The CROWD YELLS. ANAKIN waves to the crowd, as JABBA continues with his
introductions. SEBULBA moves over to one of Anakin's engines. KITSTER and
JAR JAR unhitch the EOPIES, and KITSTER leads them away. ARTOO beeps that
everything is OK. JAR JAR pats ANAKIN on the back.

JAR JAR : Dis berry loony, Annie. May da guds be kind, mesa palo.

PADME comes up and gives ANAKIN a little kiss on the cheeek. SEBULBA bangs
on a part protruding from Anakin's engine. He looks around to see if anyone
has noticed.

PADME : You carry all our hopes.
ANAKIN : I won't let you down.

PADME moves away as SEBULBA edges his way next to ANAKIN and gives him a
sinister grin.

SEBULBA : Bazda wahota, shag. Dobiella Nok. Yoka to Bantha poodoo. 9You
won't walk away from this one, slave scum! You're Bantha poodoo.)
ANAKIN : (subtitled) Cha skrundee da pat, sleemo. (Don't count on it,
slime-ball.)

ANAKIN looks the evil SEBULBA in the eye with a cold stare. QUI-GON
approaches, and SEBULBA backs off toward his racer.

JABBA : (sutitled)...Ka bazza kundee hodrudda! (...Let the challenge
begin!)

The CROWD lets out a LOUD CHEER. QUI-GON helps ANAKIN into his Pod. The boy
straps himself into the tiny racer.

QUI-GON : Are you all set, Annie? (Anakin nods) Remember, concentrate on
the moment. Feel. Don't think. Trust your instincts. (he smiles) May the
Force be with you.

QUI-GON steps away as ANAKIN puts on his goggles. The PILOTS flip switches,
and powerful energy binders shoot between the engines. ANAKIN flips a
switch, and his engine starts. The incredible ROAR of high-powered engines
igniting echoes throughout the arena. One driver, ODY MANDRELL, yells at a
droid (DUM-4) to get away from the front of his engine. The crowd is tense.

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - STARTING GRID - DAY

The giant power-house engines torque as the PILOTS gun them. The PILOTS
flip switches, and poerful energy binders shoot between the engines. Aliens
carrying large flags move off the track. JAR JAR covers his eyes.

JAR JAR : Mesa no watch. Dissen ganna be messy!
FODE/BEED : -
A : Ya pawa culka doe rundee! (The power couplings are being activated)
B : Hey, it looks like they're clearing the grid.

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - VIEWING PLATFORM - DAY

SHMI looks nervously to QUI-GON as he enters a veiwing platform. PADME and
JAR JAR are already on board. The platform rises like an elevator.

SHMI : Is he nervous?
QUI-GON : He's fine.
PADME : You Jedi are far too reckless. The Queen...
QUI-GON : The Queen trusts my judgment, young handmaiden. You should too.
PADME : You assume too much.

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA ANNOUNCER'S BOX - DAY (FX)

FODE/BEED : -
B : Start your engines.

The earth-pounding ROAR of the engines revving is deafening.

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - ROYAL BOX - DAY (FX)

Jabba bites off the head of a frog and spits it at a gong, signaling the
start of the race.

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - STARTING GRID - DAY

On a bridge over the track, a great green light at the center flashes. The
Podracers shoot forward with a high-pitches scream. ANAKIN'S engine floods
and coughs - then dies. All the other Podracers except one swerve around
him and dissapear down the track. The slave boy struggles to get his racer
started. The two-headed announcer reports.

FODE/BEED : - (O.S.)
A : An dare ovv! (And they're off!)
B : Oh...wait. Little Skywalker has stalled.

PADME and JAR JAR are very dissapointed with ANAKIN. QUI-GON puts his arm
around a very worried SHMI to comfort her. Finally, Anakin's engines
ignite. He zooms away after the receeding pack of competitors, leaving one
quadra-Pod racer still trying to get started. The two-headed ANNOUNCER
describes the race as it progresses.

FODE/BEED : - (O.S.)
B : And there goes Skywalker... He'll be hard pressed to catch up with the
leaders today.

EXT. MOS ESPA - RACETRACK - DAY (FX)

The Podracers fly across the desert. SEBULBA is running neck and neck with
MAWHONIC. They round the first turn in the track, side by side. SEBULBA
drives his Pod into his rival, forcing him into the wall of a large rock
formation. MAWHONIC crashes in a spectacular display of fire and smoke.
ANAKIN is much faster than the back-end stragglers and passes them easily.
One of the drivers, GASGANO, won't let ANAKIN by. ANAKIN tries to pass him
on one side and is cut off. He then tries to pass him on the other side
ansd is cut off. As they come up on a cliff drop-off, ANAKIN backs off,
then guns it as GASGANO goes over the cliff. ANAJIN accelerates so fast
that he sails right over the top of GASGANO and speeds away.
Four TUSKEN RAIDERS perched above the race course fire their rifles at the
Pods racing in the canyon below them. One shot ricochets off the back of
Anakin's Pod.

FODE/BEED : -
B : Looks like a few Tusken Riaders have campe out on the canyon dune turn.

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - VIEWING PLATFORM - DAY

JABBA THE HUTT and the crowd watch the progress of the race on small,
hand-held view screens. JAR JAR is looking over the shoulder of a strange
alien named FANTA.

JAR JAR : Where's Skywalker?

FANTA moves the view screen out of Jar Jar's view. PADME, SHMI, and QUI-GON
watch another screen and look worried.
ARTOO, down in the pits with KITSTER, lets out a worried sigh. The driver
of the quadra-Pod looks worried.

EXT. MOS ESPA - RACETRACK - DAY (FX)

ANAKIN is powering around corners and over hills and cliffs, passing other
racers right and left. SEBULBA is in the lead. He is being challenged by
another racer, XELBREE.
SEBULBA slows a little, and as XELBREE pulls alongside, he opens a side
vent on the racer's engine and the exhaust starts to cut through the
alien's engine.
The blast cuts along the engine until finally it EXPLODES. SEBULBA deftly
veers away.
ANAKIN works his way through a dense mass of racers as they zoom over a
dune sea, kicking up dust. His Pod shakes violently as he goes over a jump.
One of the Podracers, ODY, catches one of his engines in the sand, and the
whole thing EXPLODES.

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - VIEWING PLATFORM - DAY

QUI-GON sits quietly, meditating. PADME and SHMI search the landscape for
any sign of the racers. JAR JAR is still annoying FANTA for information.
The crowd SCREAMS. WATTO is laughing with his friends, confident in
Anakin's defeat.
The quadra-Pod engines start just as the racers come around the corner. The
DRIVER, BEN QUADINAROS, puts it in gear, and the four engines go off in all
directions, EXPLODING in a spectacular display. The Pod drops to the ground
as SEBULBA enters the arena, closely followed by all the OTHER RACERS.
KITSTER strains to see as ARTOO beeps excitedly. The announcer continues.

FODE/BEED : - (O.S)
B ; There goes Quadinaros' power couplings.
A : Sebulba! Ka pa me cheespa wata! (Here comes Sebulba in record time.)

QUI-GON, PADME, SHMI, and JAR JAR yell for joy as ANAKIN passes. JAR JAR is
very nervous and pounds on the back of his alien neighbor, FANTA. JAR JAR :
What gooie-on?
FANTA : Bug off.

Lap two. SEBULBA and the pack race past the main arena. The crowd stands
and YELLS as the Podracers scream off into the distance. QUI-GON and PADME
look worried.

JAR JAR : He musta crash-ud.
PADME : Here he comes!

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - PIT AREA - DAY (FX)

ARTOO lets out an excited whistle, as KITSTER yells.

THREEPIO : He has to complete two more circuits? Oh dear!

EXT. MOS ESPA - RACETRACK - DAY (FX)

Sure enough, coming around the bend is ANAKIN, quickly gaining on the pack.
The two-headed announcer describes the action. The crowd goes wild.

FODE/BEED : - (O.S.)
B : It looks like Skywalker is moving up through the field. He's in...
A : Steeth pa nagoola! (Sixth place, not bad.)

ANAKIN continues to gain on the pack. Tension for SHMI and PADME is
unbearable.
ODY stops in the pits. Droids work on his engines. DUM-4 stands in front of
the engine and is sucked in, causing the engine to die. DUM-4 is spit out
the back of the engine, very bent up. The engine lets out one final wheeze,
then EXPLODES in a puff of smoke.

FODE/BEED : - (O.S.)
A : Ody Mandrell! Coona wa wunda dunko! (Ody Mandrell into the pits for
some attention.)
ODY : Droids!

TERTER is getting close to SEBULBA, who purposely breaks a small part off
his Pod, sending it into Terter's engine, causing him to veer into ANAKIN,
and unhooks one of the main straps on Anakin's engines that links the Pod
to his engines.
ANAKIN struggles to keep control of the little Pod. It whips about wildly.
As the Pod swings near the broken engine strap, ANAKIN grabs for it.
Finally, he catches the strap and manages to unhook it to the Pod.
SEBULBA cuts the engine of OBITOKI with his side exhaust, and the racer
crashes with a cloud of dust. A THIRD RACER, HABBA, flie into the cloud of
dust and crashes into OBITOKI. ANAKIN rounds a corner and heads into the
cloud of smoke. He hits a part of one of the engines but regains control.

FODE/BEED : - (O.S.)
B :At the start of the third and final lap, Sebulba is in the lead, closely
followed by Skywalker...

ANAKIN finally catches up with SEBULBA, and runs neck and neck over the
rough terrain. JAR JAR, QUI-GON, SHMI, and PADME all SCREAM s ANAKIN comes
through the arena. The lights in the tower indicate that this is the third
and last lap. WATTO begins to worry.
SEBULBA uses his side exhaust port to try to cut through Anakin's engines.
ANAKIN manages to avoid having his engine disabled but is forced off
course.

FODE/BEED : - (O.S.)
B : Skywalker is forced onto the service ramp!
A : Oh noah!

On a tight corner, ANAKIN dives to the inside and takes the lead.

FODE BEED : - (O.S.)
B : Amazing... a controlled thrust and he's back on course! What a move!

SEBULBA is furious. He stay's right on Anakin's tail, crowding him and
pushing him through the turns.
SEBULBA pushes ANAKIN harder, and the young boy has a difficult time
keeping control. One of the parts on Anakin's engines begins to shake
loose. ANAKIN sees it and switches over to an auxiliary system. While he is
trying to accomplish this maneuver, SEBULBA races past him.
ANAKIN tries to get around SEBULBA, to no avail. Every move ANAKIN makes,
SEBULBA is able to block.
Finally, ANAKIN fakes a move into the inside as he usually does, then tries
to go around SEBULBA on the outside. They race sid by side down the final
stretch of the track.

FODE/BEED : - (O.S.)
B : He's catching Sebulba.
A : Inkabunga. (Incredible!)

SEBULBA veers toward ANAKIN and bangs into his Pod. He crashes into ANAKIN
over and over. The young boy struggles to maintain control as the steering
rods on the two Pods become hooked together. SEBULBA laughs at ANAKIN.

FODE/BEED : - (O.S.)
B : That little human being is out of his mind.
A : Punda tah punda! (They're neck and neck!)
B : They're side by side!
A : Bongo du bongu! (Shoulder to shoulder!)

As they head for the final stretch, ANAKIN fights to unlock the steering
rods by trying to pull away from SEBULBA. The strain on the steering rod is
tremendous. Suddenly, ANAKIN's steering arm breaks, and his Pos starts
spinning.
The release of tension sends SEBULBA into an ancient statue. One engine
EXPLODES, then the other. SEBULBA skids through the fire-balls, blackened,
but unhurt. He slides to a smoking stop, gets out of his racer, and throws
what's left of a shifter arm on the ground. Suddenly he realizes his pants
are on fire, and he struggles to put them out. ANAKIN flies through the
EXPLOSION as the crowd stands, CHERRING. PADME and JAR JAR jump up and down
with excitment, PADME screaming for joy. ARTOO and KITSTER whistle
hysterically. QUI-GON and SHMI smile. ANAKIN races over the finish line,
the winner.

INT. MOS ESPA - ARENA ANNOUNCERS BOX - DAY (FX)

The two-headed announcer excitedly calls the finish.

FODE/BEED : -
B : It's Skywalker! The crowd are going nuts! Oh Ah Oh Ah (rock head in
tandem with partner)

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - DAY

As ANAKIN stops the Podracer, KISTER turns up, and they embrace. Hundreds
of SPECTATORS join them and put ANAKIN on their shoulders, marching off,
CHEERING AND CHANTING. Darth Maul's PROBE DROIDS move through the crowd.

INT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - PRIVATE BOX - DAY

Several ALIENS leave Watto's box, laughing and counting their money. WATTO
sees QUI-GON standing in the doorway.

WATTO : You! You swindled me! You knew the boy was going to win! Somehow
you knew it! I lost everything.

WATTO flies up to QUI-GON and puts his face right up against QUI-GON's.
QUI-GON simply smiles.

QUI-GON : Whenever you gamble, my freind, eventually you'll lose. Bring the
parts to the main hanger. I'll come by your shop later so you can release
the boy.
WATTO : You can't have him! It wasn't a fair bet!
QUI-GON : Would you like to discuss it with the Hutts...I'm sure they can
settle this.
WATTO : No, no! I want no more of your tricks! Take him!

The SITH PROBE DROID watches with great interest.

EXT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - MAIN HANGER - DAY

The Main Hanger is almost deserted as RACERS depart.

INT. MOS ESPA - ARENA - MAIN HANGER - DAY

JAR JAR gives ANAKIN a great hug, then PADME gives him a hug, then SHMI.

ANAKIN : Ah, gee...enough of this...
SHMI : It's so wonderful, Annie. You have brought hope to those who have
none. I'm so very proud of you...
PADME : We owe you everything.
ANAKIN : Just feeling this good was worth it.

In the background, QUI-GON has harnessed the EOPIES to containers full of
parts.

QUI-GON : Padme. Jar Jar, let's go, we've got to get these parts back to
the ship.

The GROUP walks over to QUI-GON and the EOPIES.
PADME climbs on behind QUI-GON. JAR JAR swings up onto the second EOPIE,
only to slwly slide off the other side. ARTOO whistles. ANAKIN and SHMI
wave as they ride off.

QUI-GON : (Cont'd) I'll return the eopies by midday.

EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - NABOO SPACECRAFT - DAY

ARTOO cruises ahead of QUI-GON and PADME, who are riding one of the EOPIES;
JAR JAR ridses the other. They stop in front of the sleek Naboo spacecraft.
OBI-WAN comes out of the ship and joins them.

QUI-GON : Start getting this hyperdrive generator installed. I'm going
back...some unfinished business. I won't be long.
OBI-WAN : Why do I sense we've picked up another pathetic life form...?
QUI-GON : It's the boy who's responsible for getting those parts.

On a hill far overlooking the Naboo spacecraft, the SITH PROBE DROID turns
and speeds away.

EXT. TATOOINE - STREET - SLAVE QUARTERS - DAY

ANAKIN and A GREEDO are rolling around on the floor, fighting. About A
DOZEN OR SO KIDS are standing around them, yelling. Suddenly, a long shadow
is cast over the TWO BOYS; they stop fighting and look up. QUI-GOMN is
towering above them. KITSTER is with them.

QUI-GON : What's this?
ANAKIN : He said I cheated.
QUI-GON : Did you?
ANAKIN : No!
QUI-GON : Do you still think he cheated?
GREEDO : Yes.
QUI-GON : Well, Annie. You know the truth... You will have to tolerate his
opinion, fighting won't change it.

QUI-GON moves off down the street. Anakin follows. The GREEDO wanders over
to WALD who has been watching the goings-on.

WALD : Keep this up, Greedo, and you're gonna come to a bad end.

Farther down the street QUI-GON and ANAKIN head toward Anakin's hovel.
QUI-GON takes a handful of credits from beneath his poncho and hands them
to the boy.

QUI-GON : These are yours. We sold the Pod.
ANAKIN : (suddenly beaming) Yes!

INT. ANAKIN'S HOVEL - MAIN ROOM - DAY

SHMI is cleaning up as ANAKIN bursts through the door, followed by QUI-GON.

ANAKIN : Mom, he sold the Pod. Look at all the money we have!

ANAKIN pulls a bag of coins out of his pocket.

SHMI : Oh, my goodness, That's wonderful.
QUI-GON : And Anakin has been freed.
ANAKIN : What?!?
QUI-GON : You're no longer a slave.

ANAKIN jumps for joy! SHMI is stunned.

ANAKIN : Did you hear that, Mom? (to Qui-Gon) Was that part of the prize,
or what?
QUI-GON : Let's just say Watto has learned an important lesson about
gambling.
SHMI : Now you can make your dreams come true, Annie. You're free! (turns
to Qui-Gon) Will you take him with you? Is he to become a Jedi?
QUI-GON : Our meeting was not a coincidence. Nothing happens by accident.
You are strong with the Force, but you may not be accepted by the Coucil.
ANAKIN : A Jedi! Mighty blasters, you mean I get to go with you in your
starship and everything?!

QUI-GON kneels down to the boy.

QUI-GON : Anakin, training to be a Jedi will not be a easy challenge. And
if you succeed, it will be a hard life.
ANAKIN : But it's what I want. What I've always dreamed about. Can I go,
Mom?!
QUI-GON : This path has been placed for you, Annie; the choice to take it
is yours alone.

ANAKIN thinks, looks to his mother, then to QUI-GON.

ANAKIN : I want to go.
QUI-GON : Then, pack your things. We haven't much time.
ANAKIN : Yipee!!

ANAKIN hugs his mom and starts for the other room, then stops. SHMI and
QUI-GON give each other a knowing look. ANAKIN has realized something.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) What about Mom? Is she free too? You're coming, aren't
you, Mom
QUI-GON : I tried to free your mother, Annie, but Watto wouldn't have it.
ANAKIN : But the money from selling...
QUI-GON : It's not nearly enough.

SHMI comes over to her son and sits next to him. Taking both of his hands
in hers, she draws him close.

SHMI : Son, my place is here. My future is here. It is time for you to let
go...to let go of me. I cannot go with you.
ANAKIN : I want to stay with you. I don't want things to change.
SHMI : You can't stop change any more than you can stop the suns from
setting. Listen to your feelings; Annie, you know what's right.

ANAKIN takes a deep breath, drops his head. QUI-GON and SHMI exchange a
look of concern. When ANAKIN raises up, there are tears in his eyes.

ANAKIN : I'm going to miss you so much, Mom...
SHMI : I love you, Annie...now hurry.

ANAKIN and SHMI hug. ANAKIN runs into the other room.

SHMI : (Cont'd) Thank you.
QUI-GON : I will watch after him. You have my word. Will you be all right?
SHMI : He was in my life for such a short time.

INT. ANAKIN'S HOVEL - SECOND ROOM - DAY

ANAKIN has thrown the last of his things in a small backpack. As he leaves,
he stops and pushes the button that wakes his droid up. THREEPIO stares at
him blankly.

ANAKIN : Well, Threepio, I'm free...and I'm going away...in a starship...
THREEPIO : Master, Annie, you are my maker, and I wish you well. Although
I'd like it better if I were a little less naked.
ANAKIN : I'm sorry I wasn't able to finish you, Threepio...give you
coverings and all... I'm going to miss working on you. You've been a great
pal. I'll make sure Mom doesn't sell you or anything. Bye.

THREEPIO stares at ANAKIN as he rushes out of the room.

THREEPIO : Sell me?!?

EXT. MOS ESPA - STREET - SLAVE QUARTERS - DAY

KITSTER runs up to ANAKIN as he and QUI-GON exit Anakin's hovel. SHMI
stands in the doorway. ANAKIN pulls a handful of coins out of his pocket
and gives them to KITSTER.

KITSTER : There are so many of us who want you to stay, Annie... You're a
hero.
ANAKIN : I... (looks to SHMI) I... have to go.

QUI-GON has moved a short way down the street.

KITSTER : Well.
ANAKIN : Well.
KITSTER : Thank's for every moment you've been here. You're my best friend.
ANAKIN : I won't forget.

ANAKIN hugs KITSTER and runs toward QUI-GON, then stops to look back at his
mother standing in the doorway. He turns back to QUI-GON, then turns and
runs back to his mother.

ANAKIN : (starting to cry) I can't do it, Mom. I just can't.

SHMI hugs ANAKIN. QUI-GON watches from the distance. She kneels down and
looks him in the face.

SHMI : Annie, remember when you climbed the great dune in order to chase
the Banthas away so they wouldn't be shot... Remember how you collapses
several times, exhausted thinking you couldn't do it?

ANAKIN shakes his head.

SHMI : (Cont'd) This is one of those times when you have to do something
you don't think you can do. I know how strong you are, Annie. I know you
can do this...
ANAKIN : Will I ever see you again?
SHMI : What does your heart tell you?
ANAKIN : I hope so...yes...I guess.
SHMI : Then we will see each other again.
ANAKIN : I.. will become a Jedi and I will come back and free you, Mom...I
promise.
SHMI : No matter where you are, my love will be with you. Now be brave, and
don't look back... don't look back.
ANAKIN : I love you so much.

SHMI hugs ANAKIN, then turns him around so he is facing QUI-GON, and off he
marches, like the brave little trooper that he is. He marches right past
QUI-GON, starring right ahead, tears in his eyes, determined not to look
back.

EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT MESA - DAY

The PROBE DROID beeps and whistles to DARTH MAUL. The SITH LORD gets on a
speeder bike and follows the PROBE DROID into Mos Espa.

EXT MOS ESPA - STREET - FRUIT STAND - DAY

ANAKIN and QUI-GON exit WATTO'S and stop before JIRA'S fruit stand. ANAKIN
hands JIRA some coins.

ANAKIN : I've been freed, and I'm going away. Buy yourself a cooling unit
with this... Otherwise I'll worry about you.

JIRA is astonished. She stares, not knowing what to say.

JIRA : Can I give you a hug
ANAKIN : Sure.

She gives him a hug.

JIRA : I'll miss you, Annie.. there isn't a kinder boy in the galaxy. You
be careful...

ANAKIN runs to join QUI-GON, who has already started down the street. As
they walk along together, QUI-GON notices something out of the corner of
his eye.
Suddenly, without breaking his stride, he ignites his laser sword, swing
around, and lunges forward and cuts a lurking PROBE DROID in half. QUI-GON
inspects the sparking and fizzing DROID.

ANAKIN : What is it?
QUI-GON : Probe droid. Very unusual... not like anything I've seen before.
Come on.

QUI-GON and ANAKIN start running.

EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - NABOO SPACECRAFT - DAY

QUI-GON and ANAKIN run toward the Naboo spacecraft. ANAKIN is having a hard
time keeping up.

ANAKIN : Master Qui-Gon,sir, wait!

QUI-GON turns to answer and sees a DARK-CLOAKED FIGURE bearing down on a
speeder bike.

QUI-GON : Anakin, drop!

ANAKIN drops to the ground just as DARTH MAUL sweeps over him. DARTH MAUL
jumps off his speeder bike, and before he has hit the ground, the Sith Lord
has swund a death blow with his laser sword that is barely blocked by
QUI-GON.
ANAKIN picks himself up. The two galactic warriors, Sith and Jedi, are
bashing each other with incredible blows. They move in a continual cloudof
dust, smashing everything around them. This is a fierce fight. ANAKIN gets
up, bewildered by the confrontation.

QUI-GON : (Cont'd) Annie, get to the ship! Take off! Go! Go!

QUI-GON struggles to fend off the relentless onslaught as ANAKIN races to
the ship.

INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - HALLWAY

ANAKIN runs into the main hallway of the spaceship, where PADME and CAPTAIN
PANAKA are working.

ANAKIN : Qui-Gon's in trouble. He says to take off...now!!
CAPT. PANAKA : Who are you?
PADME : He's a friend.

INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - COCKPIT

CAPTAIN PANAKA, ANAKIN, and PADME rush into the cockpit where OBI-WAN and
RIC OLIE are checking the hyperdrive.

CAPT. PANAKA : Qui-Gon is in trouble, he says to take off!
PILOT : I don't see anything.
OBI-WAN : Over there! Fly low!

In the distance is a small cloud of dust.

EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - NABOO SPACECRAFT - DAY

QUI-GON and DARTH MAUL continue theirsword battle. Leaping over one another
in an incredible display of acrobatics, the two warrios hear the ship fly
over them a few feet off the ground. QUI-GON almost dissapears for a
moment.
Before DARTH MAUL knows what's happening, QUI-GON is on the spacecrat's
ramp.

EXT. TATOOINE - NABOO SPACECRAFT RAMP - DAY

The SITH LORD immediately jumps onto the ramp after QUI-GON, but barely
makes it. His heels hang over the edge of a forty-foot drop. QUI-GON swings
his laser sword with all his might and knocks DARTH AMUL off the ramp and
onto the desert floor. The ramp closes, and the Naboo craft rockets away,
leaving the Sith Lord standing alone.

EXT. SPACE - NABOO SPACECRAFT (FX)

The sleek spacecraft rockets away from the planet Tatooine.

INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - HALLWAY

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN rush into the hallway to find QUI-GON collapsed on the
floor opposite the entry. ARTOO is looking over him. The JEDI is breathing
hard, wet with sweat and covered in dirt.

ANAKIN : Are you all right?
QUI-GON : I think so... that was a surpirse I wont soon forget.
OBI-WAN : What was it?
QUI-GON : I don't know... but he was well trained in the Jedi arts. My
guess is he was after the Queen...
ANAKIN : Do you think he'll follow us?
QUI-GON : We'll be safe enough once we're in hyperspace, but I have no
doubt he knows our destination.
ANAKIN : What are we going to do about it?

OBI-WAN gives ANAKIN a "who are you?" look. ANAKIN returns an innocent
stare.

QUI-GON : We will be patient. Anakin Skywalker, meet Obi-Wan Kenobi.
ANAKIN : Pleased to meet you. Wow! You're a Jedi too?

OBI-WAN gives the boy a skeptical look.

INT. COCKPIT - SPACE

RIC OLIE pulls back on the hyperdrive. OBI-WAN, QUI-GON, and ANAKIN watch.

QUI-GON : Let's hope this hyperdrive works and Watto didn't get the last
laugh.

The stars streak outside the cockpit window.

EXT. SPACE - NABOO SPACECRAFT (FX)

The ship streaks into hyperspace.

EXT. THEED - STREET - NIGHT (FX)

SEVERAL FEDERATION DROIDS patrol a deserted city street. The Palace can be
seen in the distance.

INT. NABOO PALACE - THRONE ROOM - THEED - NIGHT

NUTE sits in a strange, mechanical walking chair, which approaches SIO
BIBBLE and SEVERAL OTHER NABOO OFFICIALS. RUNE follows a few paces behind.
DROID GUARDS surround SIO BIBBLE and THE OTHERS as FOUR COUNCIL MEMBERS
watch.

NUTE : When are you going to give up this pointless strike? Your Queen is
lost, your people are starving, and you, Governor, are going to die, much
sooner than your people, I'm afraid. Take him away!
BIBBLE : This invasion will gain you nothing. We're a democracy. The people
have decided... They will not live under your tyranny.

BIBBLE is taken away as OOM-9 approaches NUTE.

OOM-9 : My troops are in position to begin searching the swamps for these
rumored underwater villages... they will not stay hidden for long.

INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - MAIN AREA

The ship is asleep. The lights are dim as PADME walks into the main room.
She goes to a monitor and watches the BIBBLE plea recording. JAR JAR is
stretched out on the floor, snoring. ARTOO is to one side, cooing as he
rests.
PADME appears tired. She senses someone watching her and turns around with
a start. She sees ANAKIN sitting in the corner, shivering and looking
verydejected. She goes over to him. He looks up at her with tears in his
eyes. He is holding his arms to keep himself warm.

PADME : Are you all right?
ANAKIN : It's very cold.

PADME gives him her over-jacket.

PADME : You're from a warm planet, Annie. Too warm for my taste. Space is
cold.
ANAKIN : You seem sad.
PADME : The Queen is...worried. Her people are suffering...dying. She must
convince the Senate to intervene, or...I'm not sure what will happen.
ANAKIN : I'm...I'm not sure what's going to happen to me. I dunno if I'll
ever see you again.. (he pulls something from his pocket) I made this for
you. Sou you'd remember me. I carved it out of a japor snippet... It will
bring you good fortune.

ANAKIN hands a wooden pendant to PADME. She inspects it, then puts it
around her neck.

PADME : It's beautiful, but I don't need this to remember you. Many things
will change when we reach the capital, Annie. My caring for you will always
remain.
ANAKIN : I care for you too. Only I...miss...

ANAKIN is disturbed about something. Tears are in his eyes.

PADME : ...You miss your mother.

ANAKIN looks at her, unable to speak. She hugs him.

EXT. SPACE - PLANET CORUSCANT (FX)

MOVE with the ship as it heads toward Coruscant.

INT. CORUSCANT - CITYSCAPE - NABOO SPACECRAFT - DAY (FX)

The spacecraft dlies over the endlesscityscape of Coruscant, the capital of
the galaxy.

INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - COCKPIT

ANAKIN looks out the cockpit window in awe.

RIC OLIE : Coruscant...the capital of the Republic...the entire planet is
one big city.
ANAKIN : Wow! It's so huge!

INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - DAY (FX)

The ship flies through the cityscape of Coruscant.

EXT. CORUSCANT - SENATE LANDING PLATFORM - DAY

Supreme Chancellor VALORUM, SEVERAL GUARDS, and SENATOR PALPATINE stand on
a landing platform.
The sleek Naboo spacecraft lands on the platform high above the street
level of the galactic capital. The ramp lowers. OBI-WAN, QUI-GON, JAR JAR
and ANAKIN descend the ramp first and bow before PALPATINE and VALORUM.
CAPTAIN PANAKA, TWO GUARDS, QUEEN AMIDALA, then PADME, RABE, EIRTAE,
and
MORE GUARDS descend the ramp. QUEEN AMIDALA stops before the group.
ANAKIN and JAR JAR stand to one side, looking at the huge city. PADME
smiles at ANAKIN. PALPATINE bows before the Queen.

PALPATINE : It is a great gift to see you alive, Your Majesty. May I
present Supreme Chancellor Valorum.
VALORUM : Welcome, Your Highness. It is an honor to finally meet you in
person. I must relay to you how distressed everyone is over the currant
situation. I've called for a special session of the Senate to hear your
position.
AMIDALA : I am grateful for your concern, Chancellor.

PALPATINE starts to lead QUEEN AMIDALA and her RETINUE off the platform
toward a waiting air taxi.

PALPATINE : There is a question of precedure, but I feel confident we can
overcome it...

JAR JAR and ANAKIN start to follow, then stop, noticing that OBI-WAN and
QUI-GON are staying with the SUPREME CHANCELLOR. QUEEN AMIDALA waves to the
duo to follow her. ANAKIN looks back to QUI-GON, and he nods to go ahead.
ANAKIN and JAR JAR join the QUEEN, PALPATINE, PADME, RABE and EIRTAE in the
taxi. PALPATINE gives the Gungan and the boy in the back of the taxi a
skeptical look. JAR JAR leans over to ANAKIN.

JAR JAR : Da Queens- a bein grossly nice, mesa tinks. (he looks around)
Pitty hot!

VALORUM and the JEDI watch the taxi move off into the city.

QUI-GON : I must speak with the Jei Council immediately, Your Honor. The
situation has become more complicated.

INT. PALPATINE'S QUARTERS - ANTEROOM - DAY

QUEEN AMIDALA is sitting listening to PALPATINE. EIRTAE and RABE stand
behind the QUEEN; PADME is nowhere to be sen. ANAKIN and JAR JAR are
waiting in an adjoining room. They can see the Queen but cannot hear what
is being said.

JAR JAR : Dissen all pitty odd to my.
ANAKIN : Don't look at me. I don't know what's going on.

CAPTAIN PANAKA enters, then goes into the room with QUEEN AMIDALA.

INT. PALPATINE'S QUARTERS - LIVING AREA - DAY

PALPATINE is pacing as CAPTAIN PANAKA enters. EIRTAE and RABE stand to one
side.

PALPATINE : ...the Republic is not what it once was. The Senate is full of
greedy, squabbling delegates who are only looking out for themselves and
their home sytems. There is no interest in the common good...no civility,
only politics...its disgusting. I must be frank, Your Majesty, there is
little chance the Senate will act on the invasion.
AMIDALA : Chancellor Valorum seems to think there is hope.
PALPATINE : If I may say so, Your Majesty, the Chancellor has little real
power...he is mired down by baseless accusations of corruption. A
manufactured scandal surrounds him. The bureaucrats are in charge now.
AMIDALA : What options do we have?
PALPATINE : Our best choice would be to push for the election of a stronger
Supreme Chancellor. One who will take control of the bureaucrats, enforces
the laws, and give us justice. You could call for a vote of no confidence
in Chancellor Valorum.
AMIDALA : He has been our strongest supporter. Is there any other way?
PALPATINE : Our only other choice would to be to submit a plea to the
courts...
AMIDALA : There's no time for that. The courts take even longer to decide
things than the Senate. Our people are dying, Senator...more and more each
day. We must do something quickly to stop the Federation.
PALPATINE : To be realistic, Your Highness, I'd say we're going to have to
accept Federation control for the time being.
AMIDALA : There is something I cannot do.

EXT. TEMPLE OF THE JEDI - DAY (FX)

A unique building with it tall spires stands out against the Coruscant
skyline. A small transport passes by the vast temple.

INT. TEMPLE OF THE JEDI - COUNCIL CHAMBERS - DAY

QUI-GON stands in a tall stately room. Twelve JEDI sit in a semi-circle.
OBI-WAN stands behind QUI-GON in the center of the room.
The Senior Jedi is MACE WINDU. To his left is an alien Jedi named
KI-ADI-MUNDI, and to his right, the Jedi Master, YODA.

QUI-GON : ...my only conclusion can be that it was a Sith Lord.
MACE WINDU : A Sith Lord?!?
KI-ADI : Impossible! The Sith have been extinct for a millenium.
YODA : The very Republic is threatened, if involved the Sith are.
MACE WINDU : I do not believe they could have returned without us knowing.
YODA : Hard to see, the dark side is. Discover who this assassin is, we
must.
KI-ADI : I sense he will reveal himself again.
MACE WINDU : This attack was with purpose, that is clear, and I agree the
Queen is the target.
YODA : With this Naboo queen you must stay, Qui-Gon. Protect her.
MACE WINDU : We will use all our resources here to unravel this mystery and
discover the identity of your attacker... May the Force be with you.
YODA : May the Force be with you.

OBI-WAN turns to leave, but QUI-GON continues to face the Council.

YODA : (Cont'd) Master Qui-Gon more to say have you?
QUI-GON : With your permission, my Master. I have encountered a vergence in
the Force.
YODA : A vergence, you say?
MACE WINDU : Located around a person?
QUI-GON : A boy... his cells have the highest concentration of
midi-chlorians I have seen in a life form. It is possible he was conceived
by the midi-chlorians.
MACE WINDU : You're referring to the prophesy of the one who will bring
balance to the Force...you believe it's this boy??
QUI-GON : I don't pressume...
YODA : But you do! Rrevealed your opinion is.
QUI-GON : I request the boy be tested.

The JEDI all look to one another. They nod and turn back to OBI-WAN and
QUI-GON.

YODA : Trained as a Jedi, you request for him?
QUI-GON : Finding him was the will of the Force...I have no doubt of that.
There is too much happening here...
MACE WINDU : Bring him before us, then.
YODA : Tested he will be.

INT. QUEENS QUARTERS - CORUSCANT - DAY Anakin, tentative, walks down one of
the long hallways in Senator Palpatine's quarters. He stops before a dor
that is flanked by TWO GUARDS.

GUARD : May I help you, son?
ANAKIN : I'm...I'm looking for the handmaiden, Padme.

The GUARD speaks into his comlink as ANAKIN looks around a bit nervously.

GUARD : The boy is here to see Padme.
RABE : Send him in.

The doors open, and ANAKIN enters the Queen's quarters.
RABE greets ANAKIN as TWO OTHER HANDMAIDENS come and go into the next room.

ANAKIN : I'd like to speak with Padme, if I could.
RABE : I'm sorry, Annie. Padme is not here right now.

The Queen speaks out in the next room.

AMIDALA : (O.S.) Who is it?
RABE : Anakin Skywalker, to see Padme, Your Highness.

The QUEEN moves into the doorway and studies ANAKIN. ANAKIN bows and looks
down, then takes a peek at her.

AMIDALA : I've sent Padme on an errand.
ANAKIN : I'm going to the Jedi temple to start my training, I hope.

The QUEEN just stares at him.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) I may not see her again...and... I just wanted to say
goodbye.
AMIDALA : We will tell her for you. We're sure her heart goes with you.

ANAKIN bows again.

ANAKIN : Thank you, Your Highness. I'm sorry to have disturbed you.

The QUEEN dissapears behind the doorway, and ANAKIN exits.

EXT. CORUSCANT - GALACTIC SENATE BUILDING - DAY (FX)

A large, distinctive looking domed building stands out amid the cityscape
of Coruscant.

INT. MAIN ROTUNDA - GALACTIC SENATE - DAY

The Senate chambers are huge. Thousands of SENATORS and their AIDES sit in
the circular assembly area. CHANCELLOR VALORUM sits in an elevated area in
the center. Hindreds of AIDES and DROIDS hurry about. SENATOR PALPATINE,
QUEEN AMIDALA, EIRTA, RABE, and CAPTAIN PANAKA sit in the Naboo
congressional box, which is actually a floating platform. PALPATINE leans
over to the QUEEN.

PALPATINE : If the Federation moves to defer the motion...Your Majesty,
Ibeg of you to ask for a resolution to end this congressional session.
AMIDALA : I wish I had your confidence in this, Senator.
PALPATINE : You must force a new election for Supreme Chancellor...I
promise you there are many who will support us...it is our best chance...
Your Majesty, our only, chance.
AMIDALA : You truely believe Chancellor Valorum will not bring our motion
to a vote?
PALAPATINE : He is distracted...he is afraid. He will be of no help.
VALORUM : The Chair recognizes the Senator from the sovereign system of
Naboo.

The Naboo congressional box floats into the center.

PALPATINE : Supreme Chancellor, delegates of the Senate. A tragedy has
occured on our peaceful system of Naboo. We have become caugt in a dispute
you're all well aware of, which began right here with the taxation of trade
routes, and has now engulfed our entire planet in the oppresion of the
Trade Federation.

A second box rushes into the center of the Senate. It is filled with
Federation trade barons led by LOTT DOD, the Senator for the Federation.

LOTT DOD : This is outrageous! I object to the Senator's statements!
VALORUM : The Chair does not recognize the Senator from the Trade
Federation at this time. Please return to your station.

LOTT DOD reluctantly moves back to his place.

PALPATINE : To state our allegations, I present Queen Amidala, the recently
elected ruler of Naboo, to speak on our behalf.

QUEEN AMIDALA stands and addresses the assembly. There is some applause.

AMIDALA : Honorable representatives of the Republic, distinguished
delegates, and Your Honor Supreme Chancellor Valorum, I come to you under
the gravest of circumstances. The Naboo system has been invaded by force.
Invaded...against all the laws of the Republic by the Droid Armies of the
Trade...
LOTT DOD : I object! There is no proof. This is incredible. We recommend a
commision be sent to Naboo to assertain the truth.
VALORUM : Overruled.
LOTT DOD : Your Honor, you cannot allow us to be condemned without
reasonable observation. It's against all the rules of procedure.

A third box representing Malastare moves into the center of the room. AKS
MOE, the Ambassador, addresses the convention.

AKS MOE : The Congress of Malastare concurs with the honorable delegate
from the Trade Federation. A commision must be appointed...that is the law.
VALORUM : The point...

VALORUM confers with several of his AIDES and VICE CHAIRMAN MAS AMEDDA.
PALPATINE whispers something to the QUEEN.

PALPATINE : Enter the bureaucrats, the true rulers of the Republic, and on
the payroll of the Trade Federation, I might add. This is where Chancellor
Valorum's strength will dissapear.
VALORUM : The point is conceded...Section 523A take precedence here. Queen
Amidala of the Naboo, will you defer your motion to allow a commission to
explore the validity of your accusations?

QUEEN AMIDALA is angry but remains composed.

AMIDALA : (angrily) I will not defer...I have come before you to resolve
this attack on our sovereignty now. I was not elected to watch my people
suffer and die while you discuss this invasion in a committee. If this body
is not capable of action, I suggest new leadership is needed. I move for a
"vote of no confidence"...in Chancellor Valorum's leadership.
VALORUM : What?...No!

This causes a great stir in the assembly. A loud mumur cresendos into a
roar of approval and jeers. CHANCELLOR VALORUM is stunned and stands
speechless. His Vice Chair, MAS AMEDDA, takes over.

MAS AMEDDA : Order! We shall have order...

Things settledown a little. The Federation box settles next to AMIDALA.
PRINCE BAIL ORGANA moves his box into the arena.

BAIL ORGANA : Alderaan seconds the motion for a vote of no confidence in
Chancellor Valorum.
MAD AMEDDA : The motion has been seconded by Bail Organa of Alderaan.

MAS AMEDDA turns to the confused VALORUM, and whispers something to him.

BAIL ORGANA : There must be no delays. The motion is on the floor and must
be voted upon in this session.
LOTT DOD : The Trade Federation moves the motion be sent to the procedures
committee for study.

The assembly begins to chant. VALORUM talks to MAS AMEDDA.

ASSEMBLY : Vote now! Vote now! Vote now!

PALPATINE stands next to AMIDALA.

PALPATINE : You see, Your Majaesty, the tide is with us...Valorum will be
voted out, I assure you, and they will elect in a new Chancellor, a strong
Chancellor, one who will not let our tragedy continue...
MAS AMEDDA : Thew Supreme Chancellor requests a recess. Tomorrow we will
begin the vote.

The Federation delegation is furious. VALORUM turns to PALPATINE.

VALORUM : Palpatine, I thought you were my ally...my friend. You have
betrayed me! How could you do this?

EXT. PALACE OF THE JEDI - BALCONY - SUNSET

OBI-WAN and QUI-GON stand outside the palace on a balcony.

OBI-WAN : The boy will not pass the Council's tests, Master, and you know
it. He is far too old.
QUI-GON : Anakin will become A Jedi...I promise you.
OBI-WAN : Don't defy the Council, Master..not again.
QUI-GON : I will do what I must.
OBI-WAN : Master, you could be sitting on the Council by now if you would
just follow the code. They will not go along with you this time.
QUI-GON : You still have much to learn, my young apprentice.

INT. PALACE OF THE JEDI - COUNCIL CHAMBERS - SUNSET

ANAKIN stands before the TWELVE JEDI. MACE WINDU holds a small hand-held
viewing screen. In rapid succession, images flash across the screen.

ANAKIN : A ship...a cup...a speeder.

MACE WINDU turns the viewing screen off and nods toward YODA.

YODA : Good, good, young one. How feel you?
ANAKIN : Cold, sir.
YODA : Afraid are you?
ANAKIN : No, sir.
MACE WINDU : Afraid to give up your life?
ANAKIN : I don't think so.

ANAKIN hesitates for a moment.

YODA : See through you, we can.
MACE WINDU : Be mindful of your feelings...
KI-ADI : YOur thoughts dwell on your mother.
ANAKIN : I miss her.
YODA : Afraid to lose her..I think.
ANAKIN : (a little angry) What's that got to do with anything?
YODA : Eveything. Fear is the path to the dark side... fear leads to
anger... anger leads to hate.. hate leads to suffering.
ANAKIN : (angrily) I am not afraid!
YODA : A Jedi must have the deepest commitment, the most serious mind. I
sense much fear in you.
ANAKIN : (quietly) I am not afraid.
YODA : Then continue, we will.

INT. PALPATINES QUARTERS - SUNSET

QUEEN AMIDALA is standing, staring out the window, with JAR JAR. The lights
of the city shimmer before them. EIRTAE and SABE stand near the door. JAR
JAR turns to face the QUEEN and sees her sadness.

JAR JAR : Mesa wonder why da guds invent pain?
AMIDALA : To motivate us, I imagine...
JAR JAR : Yousa tinken yousa people ganna die?
AMIDALA : I don't know.
JAR JAR : Gungans ganna get pasted too, eh?
AMIDALA : I hope not.
JAR JAR : Gungans do die'n without a fight.... wesa warriors. Wesa gotta
grand army. Dat why you no liken us, metinks.

PALPATINE and CAPTAIN PANAKA rush into the rom and bow before the QUEEN.

CAPT. PANAKA : Your Highness, Senator Palpatine has been nominated to
succeed Valorum as Supreme Chancellor.
PALPATINE : A surprise, to be sure, but a welcome one. I promise, Your
Majesty, if I am elected, I will bring democracy back to the Republic. I
will put an end to corruption. The Trade Fedreation will lose its influence
over the bureaucrats, and our people will be freed.
AMIDALA : Who else can be nominated?
CAPT. PANAKA : Bail Antilles of Alderaan and Ainlee Teem of Malastare.
PALPATINE : I feel confident...our "situation" will create a strong
sympaphy vote for us... I will be Chancellor, I promise you.
AMIDALA : I fear by the time you have control of the bureaucrats, Senator,
there will be nothing left of our cities, our people, our way of life...
PALPATINE : I understand your concern, Your Majesty; unfortunately, the
Federation has possession of our planet. The law is in their favor.
AMIDALA : With the Senate in transition, there is nothing more I can do
here...Senator, this is your arena. I feel I must return to mine. I have
decided to go back to Naboo. My place is with my people.
PALPATINE : Go back!! But, Your Majesty, be realistic! You would be in
danger. They will force you to sign the treaty.
AMIDALA : I will sign no treaty, Senator. My fate will be no different from
that of our people. Captain!
CAPT. PANAKA : Yes, Your Highness?
AMIDALA : Ready my ship!
CAPT. PANAKA : Please, Your Majesty, stay here...where it's safe.
AMIDALA : No place is safe, if the Senate doesn't condemn this invasion. It
is clear to me now that the Republic no longer functions as a democracy. If
you win the election, Senator, I know you will do everything possible to
stop the Federation. I pray you will bring sanity and compassion back to
the Senate.

AMIDALA and her RETINUE exit the room. PALPATINE has a self-satisfied smile
on his face.

INT. TEMPLE OF THE JEDI - COUNCIL CHAMBERS - TWILIGHT

ANAKIN, OBI-WAN, and QUI-GON stand before the TWELVE MEMBERS OF THE JEDI
COUNCIL.

YODA : ...Correct you were, Qui-Gon.
MACE WINDU : His cells contain a high concentration of midi-chlorians.
KI-ADI : The Force is strong with him.
QUI-GON : He's to be trained, then.

The COUNCIL MEMBERS look to one another.

MACE WINDU : No. He will not be trained.

ANAKIN is crestfallen; tears begin to form in his eyes.

QUI-GON : No??!!

OBI-WAN smiles.

MACE WINDU : He is too old. There is already too much anger in him.
QUI-GON : He is the chosen one...you must see it.
YODA : Clouded, this boy's future is. Masked by his youth.
QUI-GON : I will trin him, then. I take Anakin as my Padawan learner.

OBI-WAN reacts with surprise. ANAKIN watches with interest.

YODA : An apprentice, you have, Qui-Gon. Impossible, to take on a second.
MACE WINDU : We forbid it.
QUI-GON : Obi-Wan is ready...
OBI-WAN : Iam ready to face the trials.
YODA : Ready so early, are you? What know you of ready?

ANAKIN watches as QUI-GON and OBI-WAN exchange angry looks.

QUI-GON : Headstrong....and he has much to learn about the living Force,
but he is capabe. There is little more he will learn from me.
YODA : Our own council we will keep on who is ready. More to learn, he
has...
MACE WINDU : Now is not the time for this...the Senate is voting for a new
Spreme Chancellor. Queen Amidala is returning home, which will put pressure
on the Federation, and could widen the confrontation.
YODA : And draw out the Queen's attacker.
KI-ADI : Events are moving fast...too fast.
MACE WINDU : Go with the Queen to Naboo and discover the identity of the
dark warrior. That is the clue we need to unravel this mystery of the Sith.

YODA : Young Skywalker's fate will be decided later.
QUI-GON : I brought Anakin here; he must stay in my charge. He has nowhere
else to go.
MACE WINDU : He is your ward, Qui-Gon...we will not dispute that.
YODA : Train him not. Take him with you, but train him not!
MACE WINDU : Protect the Queen, but do not intercede if it comes to war
until we have the Senate's approval.
YODA : May the Force be with you.

OBI-WAN, QUI-GON, and ANAKIN leave.

EXT. CORUSCANT - SENATE LANDING PLATFORM - NIGHT

QUI-GON, OBI-WAN, and ANAKIN stand on the landing platform outside the
ship. ARTOO whistles a happy tune as he leans over the edge of the
platform, watching the traffic. Suddenly, he leans over too far and falls
overboard. After a moment, he reappears, using his on-board jets to propel
himself back onto the landing platform. The wind whips at ANAKIN as he
listens to the JEDI.

OBI-WAN : It is not disrespect, Master, it is the truth.
QUI-GON : From your point of view....
OBI-WAN : The boy is dangerous...they all sense it. Why can't you?
QUI-GON : His fate is uncertain, not dangerous. The Council will decide
Anakin's future...that should be enough for you. Now get on board!
OBI-WAN reluctantly boards the Naboo spacecraft followed by ARTOO. QUI-GON
goes over to ANAKIN.
ANAKIN : Master Qui-Gon, sir, I do not wish to be a problem.
QUI-GON : You won't be, Annie....I'm not allowed to train you, so I want
you to watch me and be mindful...always remember, your focus determines
your reality. Stay close to me and you will be safe.
ANAKIN : Master, sir...I've been wondering...what are midi-chlorians?
QUI-GON : Midi-chlorians are a microcopic lifeform that reside within all
living cells and communicates with the Force.
ANAKIN : They live inside of me?
QUI-GON : In your cells. We are symbionts with the midi-chlorians.
ANAKIN : Symbionts?
QUI-GON : Life forms living together for mutual advantage. Without the
midi-chlorians, life could not exist, and we would have no knowledge of the
Force. They continually speak to you, telling you the will of the Force.
ANAKIN : They do??
QUI-GON : When you learn to quiet your mind, you will hear them speaking to
you.
ANAKIN : I don't understand.
QUI-GON : With time and training, Annie...you will.

Two taxis pull up, and CAPTAIN PANAKA, SENATOR PALPATINE, TWENTY OR SO
TROOPS, GUARDS, and OFFICERS walk briskly toward the ship, followed by
QUEEN AMIDALA, PADME, EIRTAE, and finally, JAR JAR. AMIDALA and her
HANDMAIDENS stop before the JEDI.

QUI-GON : (Cont'd) Your Highness, it is our pleasure to continue to serve
and protect you.
AMIDALA : I welcome your help. Senator Palpatine fears the Federation means
to destroy me.
QUI-GON : I promise you, I will not let that happen.

AMIDALA enters the ship, followed by her HANDMAIDENS. JAR JAR hugs QUI-GON
and ANAKIN.

JAR JAR : Wesa goen home!

They ALL move onto the ship. The ship takes off.

INT. NABOO PALACE - THRONE ROOM - THEED - NIGHT

NUTE and RUNE stand before a hologram of DARTH SIDIOUS.

DARTH SIDIOUS : The Queen is on her way to you. I regret she is of no
further use to us. When she gets there, destroy her.
NUTE : Yes, my Lord.
DARTH SIDIOUS : Viceroy, is the planet secure?
NUTE : Yes, my Lord, we have taken over the last pockets of primitive life
forms. We are in complete control of the planet now.
DARTH SIDIOUS : Good. I will see to it that in the Senate, things stay as
they are. I am sending Darth Maul to join you. He will deal with the Jedi.
NUTE : Yes, my Lord.

DARTH SIDIOUS fades off.

RUNE : A Sith lord here with us?!!

INT. SPACE - NABOO SPACECRAFT COCKPIT

ANAKIN stands next to the PILOT, RIC OLIE, pointing to various buttons and
gauges.

ANAKIN : ...and that one?
RIC OLIE : The forward stabalizer.
ANAKIN : And those control the pitch?
RIC OLIE : You catch on pretty quick.

INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - QUEEN'S CHAMBERS

SABE and EIRTAE stand behind QUEEN AMIDALA as she talks with QUI-GON and
CAPTAIN PANAKA. OBI-WAN and JAR JAR watch.

CAPT. PANAKA : The moment we land the Federation will arrest you, and force
you to sign the treaty.
QUI-GON : I agree...I'm not sure what you hope to accomplish by this.
AMIDALA : I'm going to take back what's ours.
CAPT. PANAKA : There are only twelve of us, Your Highness....we have no
army.
QUI-GON : I cannot fight a war for you, Your Highness, only protect you.
AMIDALA : Jar Jar Binks!

JAR JAR looks around, puzzled.

JAR JAR : Mesa, Your Highness?
AMIDALA : Yes. I need your help.

INT. NABOO CRUISER COCKPIT - DAY

The Naboo Cruiser heads toward the lush green planet. There is only one
Federation battle cruiser orbiting. OBI-WAN and CAPTAIN PANAKA spot it on
the view screen.

PANAKA : The blockade's gone.
OBI-WAN : The war's over...No need for it now.
RIC OLIE : I have one battleship on my scope.
OBI-WAN : A droid control ship.
PANAKA : They've probably spotted us.
OBI-WAN ; We haven't much time.

INT. NABOO SPACECRAFT - MAIN HOLD

The QUEEN, CAPTAIN PANAKA, TROOPS, and HANDMAIDENS get ready to disembark
as the ship alnds. The elevator door slides open, and ANAKIN emerges into
the hold area. He see PADME and run up to her.

ANAKIN : Hi! Where have you been?
PADME : Annie! What are you doing here?
ANAKIN : I'm with Qui-Gon...but...they're not going to let me be a Jedi.
I'm too old.
PADME : This is going to be dangerous, Annie.
ANAKIN : Is it? I can help... Where are we going?
PADME : To war, I'm afraid. The Queen has had to make the most difficuld
decision of her life. She doesn't believe in fighting, Annie. We are a
peaceful people...
ANAKIN : I want to help...I'm glad you're back.

ANAKIN smiles. PADME smiles back.

EXT. NABOO SWAMP - DAY

The Naboo spacecraft has landed in the Gungan swamp. TROOPS unload the
ships in the background as OBI-WAN approaches QUI-GON.

OBI-WAN : Jar Jar is on his way to the Gungan city, Master.

QUI-GON's thoughts are elsewhere.

QUI-GON : Good.

OBI-WAN and QUI-GON stand silently for a moment.

OBI-WAN : Do you think the Queen's idea will work?
QUI-GON : The Gungans will not easily be swayed, and we cannot use our
power to help her.
OBI-WAN : I'm...I'm sorry for my behavior, Master. It is not my place to
disagree with you about the boy. I am grateful you think I am ready for the
trials.

QUI-GON looks at him for a long moment.

QUI-GON : You have been a good apprentice. You are much wiser than Iam,
Obi-Wan. I foresee you will become a great Jedi Knight.

EXT. NABOO SWAMP - UNDERWATER - DAY (FX)

JAR JAR swims down into Bubble City.

INT. OTOH GUNGA - CITY SQUARE

JAR JAR enters the main square of the bubble city. He stands, stunned, in
amazement and fear. He is nervous and shaking.

JAR JAR : Ello! Where das everybody?

The plaza is empty. He notices that many of the buildings are shot up as if
there had been a battle of some kind.

EXT. NABOO SWAMP LAKE - DAY

JAR JAR exits the swamp lake and walks over to QUEEN AMIDALA, CAPTAIN
PANAKA, OBI-WAN, and QUI-GON. PADME, EIRTAE, RABE, ANAKIN, and ARTOO,
FOUR
PILOTS, and EIGHT GUARDS stand in the background near the starship.

JAR JAR : Dare-sa nobody dare. All gone. Some kinda fight, I tink. Sorry,
no Gungas...no Gungas.
CAPT. PANAKA : Do you think they have been taken to camps?
OBI-WAN : More likely they were wiped out.
JAR JAR : No...mesa no tink so. Gungan hiden. When in trouble, go to sacred
place. Mackineeks no find them dare.
QUI-GON : Do you know where they are?

EXT. NABOO SWAMP - DAY

The GROUP follows JAR JAR as he moves through the swamp. JAR JAR stops and
sniffs the air. The GROUP stop behind him.

JAR JAR : Dissen it.

JAR JAR makes a strange chattering noise. Suddenly, out of nowhere, CAPTAIN
TARPALS and SIX OTHER GUNGAN TROOPS riding on KAADUS emerge from the brush.

JAR JAR : (Cont'd) Heyo-dalee, Captain Tarpals.
CAPT. TARPALS : Binks!! Noah gain!
JAR JAR : We comen to see da boss.

CAPTIAN TARPALS rolls his eyes.

CAPT. TARPALS : Ouch time, Binks... Ouch time for all-n youse.

EXT. NABOO SACRED TEMPLE RUINS - DAY

JAR JAR, QUEEN AMIDALA, ANAKIN, ARTOO, QUI-GON, OBI-WAN, PADME, RABE,
EIRTAE, and the rest of her group are led through a clearing full of GUNGAN
refugees. At the far end are the ruins of a grand temple with massive
carved heads. BOSS NASS and several other COUNCIL MEMBERS walk out on the
top of a three-quarter-submerged head.

BOSS NASS : Jar Jar, yousa payen dis time. Who's da uss-en others??

QUEEN AMIDALA steps forward. CAPTAIN PANAKA and the JEDI stand behind her.

AMIDALA : I am Queen Amidala of the Naboo...I come before you in peace.
BOSS NASS : Naboo biggen. Yousa bringen da Mackineeks... Dya busten uss-en
omm. Yousa all bombad. Yousa all die'n, mesa tink.

CAPTAIN PANAKA and HALF A DOZEN GUARDS and PILOTS look around nervously,
and the GUNGAN TROOPS lower their long power poles. The JEDI stay relaxed.
ANAKIN watches everything with great interest.

AMIDALA : We wish to form an alliance...

Suddenly, PADME steps forward.

PADME : Your Honor...

ARTOO whistles a quiet "uh oh."

BOSS NASS : Whosa dis?
PADME : I am Queen Amidala (points to Queen) This is my decoy...my
protection...my loyal bodyguard.

ANAKIN is stunned. OBI-WAN and QUI-GON give each other a knowing look.

PADME : (Cont'd) ...I am sorry for my deception, but under the
circumstances it has become necessary to protect myself. Although we do not
always agree, Your Honor, our two great societies have always lived in
peace...until now. The Trade Federation has destroyed all that we have
worked so hard to build. You are in hiding, my people are in camps. If we
do not act quickly, all will be lost forever...I ask you to help us...no, I
beg you to help us.

PADME drops to her knees and prostrates herself before BOSS NASS. There is
a gasp from CAPTAIN PANAKA, HIS TROOPS, and the HANDMAIDENS.

PADME : (Cont'd) We are your humble servants...our fate is in your hands.

Slowly, CAPTAIN PANAKA and his TROOPS bow down before the GUNGAN COUNCIL.
Then the HANDMAIDENS, ANAKIN, and finally the JEDI. The GUNGANS are puzzled
by this. BOSS NASS begins to laugh.

BOSS NASS : Yousa no tinken yousa greater den da Gungans.. Mesa like dis.
Maybe wesa bein friends.

INT. NABOO PALACE - THRONE ROOM - DAY

NUTE, RUNE, and DARTH MAUL walk with a hologram of DARTH SIDIOUS.

NUTE : ...we've sent out patrols. We've already located their starship in
the swamp....It won't be long, My Lord.
DARTH SIDIOUS : This is an unexpected move for her. It's too aggresive..
Lord Maul, be mindful.
DARTH MAUL : Yes, my Master.
DARTH SIDIOUS : Be patient... Let them make the first move.

EXT. NABOO EDGE OF SWAMP/ GRASS PLAINS - DAY

A GUNGAN SENTRY sits on top of the ancient temple heah, searching the
landscape with a pair of electrobinoculars. He sees something and yells
down to ANAKIN at the foot of the statue.

GUNGAN LOOKOUT : Daza comen!
ANAKIN : All right. They're here!

ANAKIN yells and runs over to PADME and the JEDI, who are discussing a
battle plan with FIVE GUNGAN GENERALS. SABE and EIRTAE stand nearby. BOSS
NASS puts his arm around JAR JAR.

BOSS NASS : Yousa doen grand. Jar Jar bringen da Naboo together.
JAR JAR : Oh, no, no, no...
BOSS NASS : So, wesa maken yousa Bombad General.
JAR JAR : General??! Oh, no..

JAR JAR's eyes roll back, his tongue flops out and he faints.
FOUR SPEEDERS pull up to the GROUP. CAPTAIN PANAKA and a DOZEN OR SO
GUARDS
and PILOT pile out and join the group.

PADME : What is the situation?
CAPT. PANAKA : Almost everyone's in camps. A few hundred police and guards
have formed an underground movement. I brought as many of the keaders as I
could. The Federation Army's also much larger than we thought, and much
stronger. Your Highness, this is a battle I do not think we can win.
PADME : The battle is a diversion. The Gungans must draw theDroid Army away
from the cities. We can enter the city using the secret passages on the
waterfall side. Once we get to the main entrance, Captain Pnaka will create
a diversion, so that we can enter the palace and capture the Viceroy.
Without the Viceroy, they will be lost and confused.

QUI-GON and OBI-WAN look on with interest.

PADME : (Cont'd) What do you think, Master Jedi?
QUI-GON : The Viceroy will be well guarded.
CAPT. PANAKA : The difficulty's getting into the throne room. Once we're
inside, we shouldn't have a problem.
QUI-GON : There is a possibility with this diversion many Gungans will be
killed.
BOSS NASS : Wesa ready to do are-sa part.

JAR JAR smiles a very worried and sheepish grin. ANAKIN watches with
interest, as does ARTOO.

PADME : We have a plan which should immobilize the Droid Army. We will send
what pilots we have to knock out the Droid control ship which is orbiting
the planet. If we can get past their rayshields, we can sever communication
and their droids will be helpless.
QUI-GON : A well-conceived plan. However, there's great risk. The weapons
on your fighters may not penetrate the shields on the control ship.
OBI-WAN : And there's an even bigger danger. If the Vicroy escapes, Your
Highness, he will return with another droid army.
PADME : That is why we must not fail to get to the Viceroy. Everything
depends on it.

INT. THEED - PALACE - THRONE ROOM - DAY

NUTE, RUNE, DARTH MAUL, OOM-9, and a hologram of DARTH SIDIOUS walk through
the throne room.

DARTH SIDIOUS : ...she is more foolish than I thought.
NUTE : We are sending all available troops to meet this army of hers
assembling near the swamp. It appears to be made up of primitives. We do
not expect much resistance.
OOM-9 : I am increasing security at all Naboo detention camps.
DARTH MAUL : I feel there is more to this, My Master. The two Jedi may be
using the Queen for their own purposes.
DARTH SIDIOUS : The Jedi cannot become involved. They can only protect the
Queen. Even Qui-Gon Jinn will not break that conenant.... This will work to
our advantage...
NUTE : I have your approval to proceed then, My Lord.
DARTH SIDIOUS : Proceed. Wipe them put...all of them. INT. NABOO SWAMP LAKE
- DAY (FX)

All is peaceful. SMALL CRITTERS drink out of a large swamp lake. Suddenly
there is a disturbance in the middle of the lake. A rush of bubbles, then a
GUNGAN SOLDIER riding a KAADU emerges from the water, followed by SEVERAL
OTHERS. FROGS and OTHER LITTLE ANIMALS flee in all directions as the GUNGAN
ARMY marches through the swamp. The KAADU shake themselves off as they exit
the lake. When JAR JAR's KAADU shakes off, JAR JAR falls off.
SOLDIERS on huge, lizard-like FAMBAAS with large shield generators mounted
on their backs follow the marching WARRIORS. The GUNGAN ARMY heads out of
the swamp and onto the rolling grassy hills.
HUNDREDS OF GUNGAN WARRIORS march in lon lines toward the horizon.
Federation tanks move up to a ridge and stop. In the distance they see the
GUNGAN ARMY marching toward them. The GUNGAN GENERAL CEEL sees the tanks on
the ridge and orders a halt. The GUNGANS are spread out in a large line.
JAR JAR is nervous. GENERAL CEEL signals to the shield operators.

GENERAL CEEL : Energize the shields.

A red ray shoots out of the generator and blasts into a large dish on the
back of a second FAAMBA and spreads like an umbrella over the assembled
WARRIORS.

EXT. THEED - CENTRAL PLAZA - DAY

PADME, followed by EIRTAE, OBI-WAN, QUI-GON, ANAKIN, and ARTOO, stealthily
makes her way toward the entrance to the main hanger. They are followed by
about TWENTY NABOO GUARDS, PILOTS, and TROOPS. They stop, and PADME uses a
small red laser light to signal across the plaza to CAPTAIN PANAKA, RABE
and TWENTY OTHER ASSORTED NABOO TROOPS. They signal back. QUI-GON leans
over to ANAKIN.

QUI-GON : Once we get inside, Annie, you find a safe placeto hide and stay
there.
ANAKIN : Sure.
QUI-GON : And stay there!

DROID TROOPS mill about the tank-filled plaza. At the far end of the plaza,
SEVERAL DROIDS begin to run and fire. NABOO SOLDIERS begin to fire back at
the BATTLE DROIDS.
As the ruckus erupts at one end of the plaza, PADME and her TROOPS rush
into the main hanger. CAPTAIN PANAKA and HIS SOLDIERS continue to engage
the DROIDS outside.

INT. THEED - CENTRAL HANGER - DAY

ALARMS ARE SOUNDING a PADME, the JEDI, ANAKIN, EIRTAE, and PADME's TROOPS
rush into the hanger. BATTLE DROIDS begin firing at them as they run for
cover. ANAKIN runs under a Naboo fighter. The JEDI deflect bolts aimed at
PADME back onto the BATTLE DROIDS, causing them to EXPLODE.

INT. THEED - PALACE THRONE ROOM - DAY

NUTE, RUNE, and FOUR COUNCIL MEMBERS watch the plaza battle on a large view
screen.

NUTE : I thought the battle was going to take place far from here...this is
too close!
RUNE : What is going on?

DARTH MAUL enters the throne room.

DARTH MAUL : I told you there was more to this...the Jedi are involved.

EXT. NABOO GRASS PLAINS - DAY (FX)

The Federation tanks begin to fire on the GUNGANS, but they are protected
by their energy shield. The tanks stop firing, and the GUNGANS CHEER, until
they see the doors to the massive transports open, and racks of BATTLE
DROIDS are pulled out and lined up by a squad of STAPS.
The BATTLE DROIDS reconfigure into their standing position. The GUNGANS get
ready for an attack. OOM-9 gives the command to move forward, and THOUSANDS
OF DROIDS march toward the GUNGANS.
The GUNGANS power up their weapons. The DROIDS slowly march through the
protective shield and start firing. The GUNGANS throw their power poles and
fling small balls of energy with slingshots. The WARRIORS dump large balls
of energy into mortars that heat up and fire the energy goo onto the BATTLE
DROIDS, causing them to short out.
The battle rages and the GUNGANS defend their shield generators against the
ARMY OF DROIDS. OOM-9 watches from a tank on a hill overlooking the battle.

INT. THEED - CENTRAL HANGER - DAY

ANAKIN hides behind one of the Naboo fighters, ducking as large bolts whiz
past and EXPLODE near him. PADME and the TWO JEDI destroy BATTLE DROIDS
right and left. The QUEEN'S TROOPS and EIRTAE also blast away at the
DROIDS. PADME signals to her pilots.

PADME : Get to your ships!

The PILOTS and ARTOO UNITS run for the Naboo fighter craft stacked in the
hanger bay. ONE OF THE PILOTS jumps into a fighter right above where ANAKIN
is hiding.

FIGHTER PILOT : Better find a new hiding place, kid. I'm taking this ship.

The ship begins to levitate out of the hanger. BATTLE DROIDS fire at it as
it falls in behind five other fighters. ARTOO whistles to ANAKIN from a
second fighter not far away. ANAKIN runs and jumps into the second fighter
to hide.

EXT. THEED - CENTRAL PLAZA - DAY (FX)

Two Naboo starfighters exit the main hanger. A tank fires at them, hitting
one of them, which causes it to pinwheel into the ground and EXPLODE.

INT. THEED - CENTRAL HANGER - DAY

CAPTAIN PANAKA, SABE and NABOO TROOPS rush into the hanger and overwlm the
few remaining BATTLE DROIDS. PADME, OBI-WAN, and QUI-GON join forces with
CAPTAIN PANAKA.

PADME : My guess is the Viceroy is in the throne room.

She looks to QUI-GON.

QUI-GON : I agree.

They start to head for the exit, on the way passing the fighter where
ANAKIN is hiding. ARTOO whistles a greeting as ANAKIN peeps out of the
cockpit.

ANAKIN : Hey! Wait for me.
QUI-GON : No, Annie, you stay there. Stay right where you are.
ANAKNI : But, I...
QUI-GON : Stay in that cockpit.

They head for the exit. As they are about to go through the door, suddenly
everyone scatters, revealing DARTH MAUL standing in the doorway. CAPTAIN
PANAKA, PADME, and HER TROOPS back away. QUI-GON and OBI-WAN step forward.

QUI-GON : (Cont'd) We'' handle this...

The TWO JEDI take off their capes and ignite their laser swords. DARTH MAUL
takes off his cape, and ignites his laser sword. Both ends of the sword
light up.
At the far end of the hanger, SIX WHEEL DROIDS roll in and transform into
their battle position. ARTOO calls ANAKIN's attention to the DROIDS. The
JEDI begin to fight the Sith Lord.

ANAKIN : Oh, no...

The DROIDS begin to advance and start firing on PADME and HER TROOPS.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) We gotta do something, Artoo.

ARTOO whistles a reply. Suddenly, the ship's systems go on, and the ship
begins to levitate.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) All right, thanks Artoo! Great idea! I'll take over.
Let's see...

ANAKIN steers the ship toward the DROIDS. He pushes a button, and the ship
begins to shake.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Where's the trigger? Oops, wrong one.. Maybe this one....

ANAKIN pushes a second button, and the lasers begin to fire, wiping out
several DESTROYER DROIDS. ARTOO whistles a cheer.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Yeah, all right. "Droid blaster." Yeah!

The JEDI are engaged in a fierce sword fight with DARTH MAUL. They have
moved into the center of the hanger. While the WHEEL DROIDS are momentarily
distracted by ANAKIN, CAPTAIN PANAKA, PADME, and HER TROOPS exit into a
palace hallway.
The WHEEL DROIDS start firing at ANAKIN. There are EXPLOSIONS all around
him.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Oops...shield up! Always on the right...shields always on
the right.

ANAKIN flips several switches, and the after-burner ignites.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) I know we're moving. I'll shut the energy drive down.

The fighter rockets out of the hanger. ARTOO and ANAKIN hold on for dear
life.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Oops!! Wrong one.

ARTOO beeps.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) I'm not doing anything!

ARTOO beeps.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) I know...I didn't push anything.

The SITH LORD's moves are incredible. He is fighting the TWO JEDI at once,
flipping into the air, outmaneuvering them at every turn.

INT. NABOO STARFIGHTER - COCKPIT - SPACE

The Naboo fleet leaves the planet and heads toward the space station.

RIC OLIE : Bravo Flight A, take on the fighters. Flight B, make the run on
the transmitter.
BRAVO TWO : Roger, Bravo Leader.

The fleet approaches the space station. Many Federation fighters exit the
hangers and attack.

RIC OLIE : Enemy fighters straight ahead!

EXT. NABOO GRASS PALINS - DAY

JAR JAR's clumsiness works for him in the battle. He gets caught up in the
wiring of a blasted DROID, dragging the torso around with him, the DROID's
gun firing randomly, accidently blasting SEVERAL DROIDS in one process.
OOM-9 decides to send in the WHEEL DROIDS and gives the signal. HUNDREDS OF
WHEEL DROIDS roll out of the transports and head down toward the battle.
They slowly roll through the deflector shields, then transform themselves
once they get on the other side. The GUNGANS blast the WHEEL DROIDS with
energy balls. The DESTROYER DROIDS blast many GUNGANS.

INT. NABOO STARFIGHTER - COCKPIT - SPACE

A giant dogfight ensues. ANAKIN's fighter flies into space above Naboo.
ARTOO beeps a worried concern.

ANAKIN : The Autopilot is searching for what other ships?

ARTOO beeps and whistles.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) There is no manual override, Artoo. You'll have to rewire
it or something.

ARTOO chirps that he's trying.

ANAKIN : (cont'd) Look! There they are! That's where the autopilot is
taking us.

ANAKIN's fighter flies toward the Federation Battleship.

INT. THEED - CENTRAL HANGER - DAY

The SITH LORD drives the JEDI out of the hanger and nto the power generator
area next door.

INT. THEED - POWER GENERATOR PIT - DAY

Three swords are crossed in an intense display of swordmanship. The JEDI
and the SITH LORD fight their way across the narrow bridge of the Theed
power generator. DARTH MAUL jumps onto the bridge above them. The JEDI
follow, one in front of the SITH LORD and one behind. They continue their
sword fight.

INT. THEED - PALACE - HALLWAY - DAY

PADME, CAPTAIN PANAKA, EIRTAE, SABE and THIER TROOPS are trapped in a
hallway by BATTLE DROIDS.

PADME : We don't have time for this, Captain.
CAPT. PANAKA : Let's try the outside stairway.

CAPTAIN PANAKA blasts a hole in the window, and they make their way outside
the building onto a ledge about six stories above a raging waterfall. SABE,
EIRTAE and about TWENTY NABOO SOLDIERS stay in the hallway to hold off the
BATTLE DROIDS.

EXT. THEED - PALACE - OVER WATERFALL - DAY

PADME, CAPTAIN PANAKA, and about TEN OTHER NABOO SOLDIERS are lined up
along the edge. They have pulled small attachments out of their pistols and
fire at a ledge about four stories above them. Thin cables shoot out of the
pistols and are embedded into the ledge. PADME, CAPTAIN PANAKA, and the
OTHERS begin to climb up the wall.

EXT . NABOO GRASS PLAINS DAY

The GUNGAN ARMY is no match for the DESTROYER DROIDS. JAR JAR tries to run
from the BATTLE DROIDS.

GENERAL CEEL : Retreat! Retreat!

The GUNGANS begin to turn and run, on foot, on their kaadu, and in wagons.
JAR JAR attempts to escape on a wagon of energy balls but only manages to
unhitch the back gate, causing all of the energy balls to roll out of the
wagon and down the hill. JAR JAR scrambles to avoid being hit by one of the
balls. FOUR DESTROYER DROIDS aren't so lucky. They get blasted by the
energy balls.
The GUNGANS renew their attack on the DROID ARMY. JAR JAR's bumbling
destroys several more DESTROYER DROIDS.

INT. NABOO STARFIGHTER - COCKPIT -SPACE

ANAKIN finds himself in the middle of the space battle. A ship explodes
behind him (over his left shoulder).

ANAKIN : Whoo, boy! This is tense!

He looks forward to see enemy ships approaching head on.

ANAKN : (Cont'd) : Oops! Artoo, get us off Autopilot!

ARTOO screams a reply.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) I've got control?

ANAKIN fips switches.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Okay, let's go left!

He moves the controls left and the ship responds, turning left.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Yes...I've got control. You did it, Artoo!

ARTOO beeps

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Go back!?! Qui-Gon told me to stay in this cockpit and
that's what I'm gonna do. Now c'mon!

An enemy fighter comes into his sights. ANAKIN pushes the controls and
instead of firing, his fighter accelerates past the enemy ship.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Oops! Whoa!

Now the enemy ship is on his tail. He tries evasive maneauvers.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) I'll try spinning, that's a good trick.

ANAKIN rolls the ship as ARTOO screams desperately.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) I know we're in trouble! Hang on! The way out of this
mess is the way we got into it.

ARTOO beeps a reply.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Which one? This one?

ANAKIN yanks on the reverse thrusters and the ship slows instantly- the
enemy fighter shoots past and explodes against the space station.

INT. NABOO STARFIGHTER - COCKPIT - SPACE

The SQUADRON attacks the space station.

RIC OLIE : Bravo flight...go for the central bridge.
BRAVO TWO : ROger, Bravo Leader.

The attack is fruitless.

RIC OLIE : Their deflector shield is too strong. We'll never get through
it.

Meanwhile, ANAKIN is being chased by another fighter. ARTOO shrieks.

ANAKIN : I know, Artoo! This isn't Podracing!

The enemy ship fires and hits ANAKIN's fighter, sending it into a spin.
ARTOO screams.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) We're hit!

ANAKIN regains control as his ship enters the space station hanger.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Great gobs of bantha poo-doo!

ANAKIN's ship dodges parked transport ships and other obstacles. A huge
bulkhead blocks his way. ARTOO beeps.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) I'm trying to stop! I'm trying to stop! Whoa!

ANAKIN hits the reverse thrusters and the ship skids to a stop on the
hanger deck. ARTOO givesout a worried whistle.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) All right! All right! Get the system started!

ANAKIN ducks down to adjust a control panel.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Everything's overheated. All the lights are red.

ARTOO sees DROIDS appraoching, and beeps frantically.

INT. THEED - POWER GENERATOR PIT - DAY

The laser sword battle continues on the small catwalk around the vast power
pit. DARTH MAUL kicks OBI-WAN off one of the ramps and he falls several
levels. QUI-GON knocks the DARK LORD off another ramp, and he lands hard on
a ramp two levels below. QUI-GON jumps down after him. The DARK LORD backs
away along the catwalk into a small door. QUI-GON follows as OBI-WAN runs
to catch up.

INT. THEED - POWER GENERATOR ELECRIC BEAM - HALLWAY

The SITH LORD, followed by QUI-GON, enters a long hallway filled with a
series of deadly rays that go on and off in a pulsing pattern that shoots
down the corridor every minute or so. DARTH MAUL makes it down several
walls of deadly rays before they close. QUI-GON is one wall away from the
DARK LORD. OBI-WAN is just starting into it and is five walls way from
DARTH MAUL.
The JEDI must wait until the next pulse to advance down the corridor.
OBI-WAN is impatient and paces, waiting for the wall of rays to open.
QUI-GON sits and meditates. The SITH LORD tries to patch up his wounds.

INT. THEED - PALACE - HALLWAY TO THRONE ROOM

A window in the hallway blasts apart. PADME, CAPTAIN PANAKA, and HER
SOLDIERS climb into the hallway. They head for the door to the throne roo.
Suddenly, two DESTROYER DROIDS skitter in front of the door. PADME turns
around and sees TWO MORE appear at the far end of the hallway, trapping
them in the middle.
PADME throws down her pistol and turns to CAPTAIN PANAKA.

PADME : Throw down your weapons. They win this round.
CAPT. PANAKA : But we can't....
PADME : Captain, I said throw down your weapons.

CAPTAIN PANAKA and HIS MEN throw down their weapons.

EXT. NABOO GRASS PLAINS - DAY

A DESTROYER DROID blasts one of the shield generators, causing it to
EXPLODE. The protective shield begins to weaken and fall apart.OOM-9 sees
the shield weaken and orders his tanks forward. The GUNGAN GENERAL signals
a retreat as the tanks enter the battle.
The GUNGANS flee as fast as they can. JAR JAR is blown off his KAADU and
lands on one of the tank guns. A GUNGAN WARRIOR signals JAR JAR to jump
off. JAR JAR is afraid. The gun swings around trying to knock JAR JAR off.
JAR JAR hangs from the tank barrel as it moves along. Finally, he jumps
onto a KAADU behind a GUNGAN WARRIOR. EXPLOSIONS from the tank fire are
everywhere. It is chaos.

INT. THEED - POWER GENERATOR ELECTRIC BEAM - HALLWAY

The electric rays cycle as QUI-GON sits meditating. The wall of the deadly
rays turn away, and OBI-WAN starts running toward QUI-GON and the DARK
LORD. When the wall between QUI-GON and DARTH MAUL opens, QUI-GON is in a
split second fighting the DARK LORD with a ferocity not seen before. They
move into the area at the end of the corridor called the melting pit, a
small area that is mostly made up of a deep hole.
The electron ray gates begin to close. OBI-WAN tries to make it to the
melting pit but is caught one gate short. He slides to a stop just before
he hits the deadly electron field.
QUI-GON and DARTH MAUL battle around the melting pit as a frustrated
OBI-WAN watches.
DARTH MAUL cathces QUI-GON off guard. The SITH makes a quick move, bashes
his lightsaber handle into QUI-GON's chin, and runs him through. QUI-GON
slumps to the floor in a heap.

EXT. NABOO GRASS PLAINS - DAY

The GUNGANS have beeb overrun. Some flee into the hills, chased by BATTLE
DROIDS on STAPS. Many OTHERS are herded into groups by BATTLE DROIDS and
DESTROYER DROIDS.
JAR JAR and GENERAL CEEL are held in a small group with OTHER OFFICERS.

JAR JAR : Dissa bad, berry bombad.
GENERAL CEEL : Mesa hopen dissa working for da Queen.

INT. THED - PALACE THRONE ROOM - DAY

PADME, CAPTAIN PANAKA, and SIX OTHER OFFICERS are brought by TEN BATTLE
DROIDS before NUTE and RUNE and FOUR NEIMOIDIAN COUNCIL MEMBERS.

NUTE : Your little insurrection is at an end, Your Highness. Time for you
to sign the treaty...and end this pointless debate in the Senate.

SADBE dressed like the Queen appears in the doorway with SEVERAL TROOPS.
Several destroyed battle droids can be seen in the distance.

SABE : I will not be signing any treaty, Viceroy, because you've lost!

NUTE and THE OTHERS are stunned to see a SECOND QUEEN. NUTE yells at the
TEN GUARDS in the room.

NUTE : After her! This one is a decoy!

SIX OF THE DROIDS rush out of the throne room after SABE. NUTE turns to
PADME.

NUTE : (Cont'd) Your Queen will not get away with this.

PADME slumps down on her throne and immediately hits a security button that
opens a panel in her desk opposite CAPTAIN PANAKA.
PADME grabs two pistols, tosses one of the to CAPTAIN PANAKA and one to an
OFFICER. She takes a third pistol and BLASTS the last of the BATTLE DROIDS.
The OFFICERS rush to the door control panel as PADME hits the switch to
close the door. The OFFICER at the door jams the controls. CAPTAIN PANAKA
throws more pistols to the OTHER GUARDS. The NEIMODIANS are confused and
afraid.

PADME : Now, Viceroy, this is the end of your occupation here.
NUTE : Don't be absurd. There are too few of you. It won't be long before
hundreds of destroyer droids break in to rescue us.

INT. THEED - POWER GENERATOR - MELTING PIT

OBI-WAN screams as the pulsing electron gate opens, and the SITH LORD
attacks him. The DARK LORD is relentless in his assault on the young JEDI.
OBI-WAN and DARTH MAUL use the Force to fling objects at each other as they
fight. DARTH MAUL seems to have the upper hand as OBI-WAN grows weary.
DARTH MAUL catches OBI-WAN off guard, and the JEDI slips into a melting
pit. He is barely able to hold onto a nozzle on the side of the pit. DARTH
MAUL grin evilly at OBI-WAN as he kicks OBI-WAN's lightsaber down the
endless shaft.
The SITH LORD smiles as he goes in for the kill. At the last moment,
OBI-WAN jumps up out of the pit, calls QUI-GON's lightsaber to hi, throwing
DARTH MAUL off. The young JEDI swings with a vengeance, cutting the SITH
down. DARTH MAUL falls into the melting pit to his death.
OBI-WAN rushes over to QUI-GON, who is dying.

OBI-WAN : Master! Master!
QUI-GON : It is too late...It's...
OBI-WAN : No!
QUI-GON : Obi-Wan promise...promise me you'll train the boy...
OBI-WAN : Yes, Master...
QUI-GON : He is the chosen one...he will...bring balance...train him!

QUI-GON dies. OBI-WAN cradles his Master, quietly weeping.

INT. NABOO STARFIGHTER - COCKPIT - FEDERATION HANGER

ANAKIN peeks over the edge of the cockpit to see BATTLE DROIDS surrounding
the ship. He ducks back down.

ANAKIN : Uh oh. This is not good.

He looks at the dashboard to see red lights.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) The systems are still overheated, Artoo.

The BATTLE DROID CAPTAIN walks up to the ship and sees ARTOO.

BATTLE DROID CAPTAIN : Where's your pilot?

ARTOO beeps a reply.

BATTLE DROID CAPTAIN : (Cont'd) You're the pilot?

ARTOO whistles.

BATTLE DROID CAPTAIN : (Cont'd) Let me see your identification!

ANAKIN sees the dashboard lights go from red to green.

ANAKIN : Yes...we have ignition.

He flips the switch and the engine starts.

BATTLE DROID CAPTAIN : (seeing Anakin) You! Come out of there or we'll
blast you!
ANAKIN : Not if I can help it! Shields up!

ANAKIN flips a switch and the ship levitates, knocking over the BATTLE
DROID CAPTAIN. The OTHER DROIDS shoot, but the lasers are deflected by
ANAKIN's shields. ARTOO beeeps.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) This should stop them.

ANAKIN fires lasers as the ship begins to rotate.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) ...and take this!

He presses a button and launches two torpedos which miss the DROIDS.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Darn...I missed!

The two torpedos fly down a hallway and explode inside the reactor room.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Let's get out of here!

ANAKIN's ship roars through the hanger deck, bouncing over the DROIDS.

ANAKIN : (Cont'd) Now, this is Podracing! Whoopee!

INT. FEDERATION BATTLESHIP - BRIDGE

TEY HOW turns to CAPTAIN DOFINE.

TEY HOW : Sir, we're losing power... There is some problem with the main
reactor...
DOFINE : Impossible!! I don't...

The bridge explodes.

INT. NABOO FIGHTER - COCKPIT - SPACE

RIC OLIE watches in amazement as the Federation battleship starts to
explode from the inside out.

BRAVO TWO : What's that?? It's blowing up from the inside.
RIC OLIE : I don't know, we didn't hit it.
BRAVO THREE : Look! One of ours! Outta the main hold!!

EXT. NABOO GRASS PLAINS - DAY

Suddenly, all of the DROIDS begin to shake upside down, run around in
circles, then stop. The GUNGANS carefully move out to inspect the FROZEN
DROIDS. JAR JAR pushes one of the BATTLE DROIDS, and it falls over.

JAR JAR : Wierdind...

EXT. THEED - CENTRAL HANGER - DAY

ANAKIN and ARTOO follow the squad of yellow Naboo starfighters into the
main hanger.

INT. THEED - CENTRAL HANGER - DAY

RIC OLIE and the OTHER PILOTS gather around as thye exit their ships.

BRAVO TWO : He flew into the hold, behind the deflector shield and blasted
the main reactor...
BRAVO THREE : Amazing... They don't teach that in the academy.

ANAKIN's ship skids to a stop behind the other Naboo starfighters. RIC
OLIE, BRAVO TWO, the OTHER PILOTS, and GROUND CREW rush to his ship.

RIC OLIE : We're all accounted for. Who flew that ship?

ANAKIN sheepishly opens the cockpit and stands up. All the PILOTS stare in
amazement.

ANAKIN : I'm not going to get into trouble, am I?

ARTOO beeps. oh. oh.

INT. MAIN HANGER - COURTYARD - DAY

The large, grand cruiser of the Supreme Chancellor lands in the courtyard
of the main hanger. CAPTAIN PANAKA and TWENTY TROOPS guard NUTE GUNRAY and
RUNE HAAKO. OBI-WAN, the QUEEN, and her HANDMAIDENS stand before the
NEIMOIDIANS.

PADME : Now, Viceroy, you are going to have to go back to the Senate and
explain all this.
CAPT. PANAKA : I think you can kiss your Trade franchise goodbye.

The main ramp of the cruiser is lowered as OBI-WAN and CAPTAIN PANAKA lead
the VICEROY and HIS ASSISTANT toward the ship. The GRAND CHANCELLOR
PALPATINE and SEVERAL REPUBLIC GUARDS descend the walkway, followed by YODA
and SEVERAL OTHER JEDI MASTERS.

The CHANCELLOR PALPATINE is greeted by the QUEEN.

AMIDALA : Congratulations on youer election, Chancellor. It is so good to
see you again.
PALPATINE : It's good to be home. Your boldness has saved our people, Your
Majesty. It is you who should be congratulated. Together we shall bring
peace and prosperity to the Republic.

OBI-WAN greets YODA and the OTHER JEDI as CAPTAIN PANAKA takes the
NEIMODIANS onto the cruiser.

INT. TURRET ROOM - NABOO PALACE - LATE DAY

The sun streams into the multi-windowed room at a low angle. It is not
quite sunset. YODA paces before OBI-WAN, who is kneeling in the center of
the room.

YODA : Confer on you, the level of Jedi Knight the Coucil does. But agree
on you taking this boy as your Padawan learner, I do not.
OBI-WAN : Qui-Gon believed in him. I believe in Qui-Gon.
YODA : The Chosen One the boy may be; nevertheless, grave danger I fear in
his training.
OBI-WAN : Master Yoda, Igave Qui-Gon my word. I will train Anakin. Without
the approval of the Council if I must.
YODA : Qui-Gon's defiance I sense in you. Need that, you do not. Agree, the
council does. Your apprentice, young Skywalker will be.

EXT. THEED - CENTRAL PLAZA - FUNERAL TEMPLE STEPS - SUNSET

QUI-GON's body goes up in flames as the JEDI COUNCIL, the QUEEN, SIO
BIBBLE, CAPTAIN PANAKA, the HANDMAIDENS, and ABOUT ONE HUNDRED NABOO
TROOPES, TWENTY OTHER JEDI, PALPATINE, OBI-WAN (standing with ANAKIN), JAR
JAR, BOSS NASS, and TWENTY OTHER GUNGAN WARRIORS watch. There is a drum
roll that stops. Doves are released, and the body is gone. ANAKIN looks to
OBI-WAN.

OBI-WAN : He is one with the Force, Anakin...You must let go.
ANAKIN : What will happen to me now?
OBI-WAN : I am your Master now. You will become a Jedi, I promise.

To one side, MACE WINDU turns to YODA.

MACE WINDU : There is no doubt. The mysterious warrior was a Sith.
YODA : Always two there are....no more...no less. A maste and an
apprentice.
MACE WINDU : But which one was destroyed, the master or the apprentice?

They give each other a concerned look.

EXT. THEED - CENTRAL PLAZA - DAY

CHILDEREN SING and throw flowers on the passing GUNGAN SOLDIERS. The CROWDS
CHEER. It is a grand parade.
QUEEN AMIDALA stands next to the SUPREME CHANCELLOR PALPATINE, ANAKIN,
OBI-WAN, SIO BIBBLE, and the JEDI COUNCIL. ARTOO stands in front of the
QUEEN'S HANDMAIDENS and whistles at the parade. QUEEN AMIDALA and PALPATINE
smile at one another
In the parade are BOSS NASS and his GUARDS, JAR JAR and GENERAL CEEL. The
GUNGANS ride KAADU. They stop before the QUEEN and walk up the steps to
stand by her side.BOSS NASS holds up the Globe of Peace. EVERYONE CHEERS.
The parade marches on.

IRIS OUT

End titles

RETURN 
OF THE 
JEDI

by
Lawrence Kasdan
&
George Lucas

From The Novel
by
George Lucas

Third Draft

Property of Lucasfilm Ltd.


Completion Date December 1, 1981

1    SPACE                                                           

The boundless heavens serve as a back-drop for the MAIN TITLE, followed 
by a ROLL-UP, which crawls into infinity.

Episode VI
RETURN OF THE JEDI

Luke Skywalker has returned to his home planet of Tatooine in an 
attempt to rescue his friend Han Solo from the clutches of thevile 
gangster Jabba the Hutt. Little does Luke know that the GALACTIC EMPIRE 
has secretly begun construction on a new armored space station even 
more powerful than the first dreaded Death Star. When completed, this 
ultimate weapon will spell certain doom for the small band of Rebels 
struggling to restore freedom to the galaxy...

PAN DOWN to reveal a monstrous half-completed Death Star, its massive 
superstructure curling away from the completed section like the arms of 
a giant octopus. Beyond, in benevolent contrast, floats the small, 
green moon of ENDOR.

An Imperial Star Destroyer moves overhead toward the massive armored 
space station, followed by two zipping TIE fighters. A small Imperial 
shuttle rockets from the main bay of the ship and hustles toward the 
Death Star.

2    INT IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT 
The shuttle captain makes contact with the Death Star.

SHUTTLE CAPTAIN
Command station, this is ST 321. Code Clearance Blue. We're starting 
our approach. Deactivate the security shield.

DEATH STAR CONTROLLER	(filtered VO)
The security deflector shield will be deactivated when we have 
confirmation of your code transmission. Stand by... You are clear to 
proceed.

SHUTTLE CAPTAIN
We're starting our approach.

3    INT DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

Operators move about among the control panels. A SHIELD OPERATOR hits 
switches beside a large screen, on which is a display of the Death 
Star, the moon Endor, and a bright web delineating the invisible 
deflector shield.

A control officer rushes over to the shield operator.

OFFICER
Inform the commander that Lord Vader's shuttle has arrived.

OPERATOR
Yes, sir.

The control officer moves to a view port and watches as the Imperial 
shuttle lands in the massive docking bay. A squad of Imperial 
stormtroopers moves into formation before the craft.

4    INT DEATH STAR - MAIN DOCKING BAY

The DEATH STAR COMMANDER, MOFF JERJERROD, a tall, confident technocrat, 
strides through the assembled troops to the base of the shuttle ramp. 
The troops snap to attention; many are uneasy about the new arrival. 
But the Death Star commander stands arrogantly tall.

The exit hatch of the shuttle opens with a WHOOSH, revealing only 
darkness. Then, heavy FOOTSTEPS AND MECHANICAL BREATHING. From this 
black void appears DARTH VADER, LORD OF THE SITH. Vader looks over the 
assemblage as he walks down the ramp.

JERJERROD
Lord Vader, this is an unexpected pleasure. We're honored by your 
presence.

VADER
You may dispense with the pleasantries, Commander. I'm here to put you 
back on
schedule.

The commander turns ashen and begins to shake.

JERJERROD
I assure you, Lord Vader, my men are working as fast as they can.

VADER
Perhaps I can find new ways to motivate them.

JERJERROD
I tell you, this station will be operational as planned.

VADER
The Emperor does not share your optimistic appraisal of the situation.

JERJERROD
But he asks the impossible. I need more men.

VADER
Then perhaps you can tell him when he arrives.

JERJERROD	 (aghast)
The Emperor's coming here?

VADER
That is correct, Commander. And he is most displeased with your 
apparent lack of progress.

JERJERROD
We shall double our efforts.

VADER
I hope so, Commander, for your sake. The Emperor is not as forgiving as 
I am.

5    EXT ROAD TO JABBA'S PALACE - TATOOINE

A lonely, windswept road meanders through the desolate Tatooine 
terrain. We HEAR a familiar BEEPING and a distinctive reply before 
catching sight of ARTOO-DETOO and SEE-THREEPIO, making their way along 
the road toward the ominous palace of Jabba the Hutt.

THREEPIO
Of course I'm worried. And you should be, too. Lando Calrissian and 
poor Chewbacca never returned from this awful place.

Artoo whistles timidly.

THREEPIO
Don't be so sure. If I told you half the things I've heard about this 
Jabba the Hutt, you'd probably short-circuit.

The two droids fearfully approach the massive gate to the palace.

THREEPIO
Artoo, are you sure this is the right place? I better knock, I suppose.

6    EXT JABBA'S PALACE - GATE 

Threepio looks around for some kind of signaling device, then timidly 
knocks on the iron door.

THREEPIO	 (instantly) 
There doesn't seem to be anyone there. Let's go back and tell Master 
Luke.

A small hatch in the middle of the door opens and a spidery mechanical 
arm, with a large electronic eyeball on the end, pops out and inspects 
the two droids.

STRANGE VOICE
Tee chuta hhat yudd!

THREEPIO
Goodness gracious me!

 Threepio points to Artoo, then to himself.

 THREEPIO
 Artoo Detoowha bo Seethreepiowha ey toota odd mischka Jabba du Hutt.

The eye looks from one robot to the other, there is a laugh then the 
eye zips back into the door. The hatch slams shut. Artoo beeps his 
concern.

THREEPIO
I don't think they're going to let us in, Artoo. We'd better go.

Artoo beeps his reluctance as Threepio turns to leave. Suddenly the 
massive door starts to rise with a horrific metallic SCREECH. The 
robots turn back and face an endless black cavity. The droids look at 
one another, afraid to enter.

Artoo starts forward into the gloom. Threepio rushes after his stubby 
companion. The door lowers noisily behind them.

THREEPIO 
Artoo, wait. Oh, dear! Artoo. Artoo, I really don't think we should 
rush into all this.

Artoo continues down the corridor, with Threepio following.

THREEPIO
Oh, Artoo!  Artoo, wait for me!

7    INT JABBA'S PALACE - HALLWAY

The door slams shut with a loud crash that echoes throughout the dark 
passageway. The frightened robots are met by two giant, green GAMORREAN 
GUARDS, who fall in behind them. Threepio glances quickly back at the 
two lumbering brutes, then back to Artoo. One guard grunts an order. 
Artoo beeps nervously.

THREEPIO
Just you deliver Master Luke's message and get us out of here. Oh my! 
Oh! Oh, no.

Walking toward them out of the darkness is BIB FORTUNA, a humanlike 
alien with long tentacles protruding from his skull.

BIB
Die Wanna Wanga!

THREEPIO
Oh, my! Die Wanna Wauaga. We -- we bring a message to your master, 
Jabba the Hutt.

Artoo lets out a series of quick beeps.

THREEPIO	 (cont)
...and a gift.
(thinks a moment, then to Artoo)
Gift, what gift?

Bib shakes his head negatively.

BIB
Nee Jabba no badda. Me chaade su goodie.

Bib holds out his hand toward Artoo and the tiny droid backs up a bit, 
letting out a protesting array of squeaks. Threepio turns to the 
strange-looking alien.

THREEPIO
He says that our instructions are to give it only to Jabba himself.

Bib thinks about this for a moment.

THREEPIO
I'm terribly sorry. I'm afraid he's ever so stubborn about these sort 
of things.

Bib gestures for the droids to follow.

BIB
Nudd Chaa.

The droids follow the tall, tentacled alien into the darkness, trailed 
by the two guards.

THREEPIO
Artoo, I have a bad feeling about this.

8    INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM

The throne room is filled with the vilest, most grotesque CREATURES 
ever conceived in the universe. Artoo and Threepio seem very small as 
they pause in the doorway to the dimly lit chamber. Light shafts 
partially illuminate the drunken courtiers as Bib Fortuna crosses the 
room to the platform upon which rests the leader of this nauseating 
crowd: JABBA THE HUTT. The monarch of the galactic underworld is a 
repulsive blob of bloated fat with a maniacal grin. Chained to the 
horrible creature is the beautiful alien female dancer named OOLA. At 
the foot of the dais sits an obnoxious birdlike creature, SALACIOUS 
CRUMB. Bib whispers something in the slobbering degenerate's ear. Jabba 
laughs horribly, at the two terrified droids before him. Threepio bows 
politely.

THREEPIO
Good morning.

JABBA
Bo Shuda!

The robots jump forward to stand before the repulsive, loose-skinned 
villain.

THREEPIO
The message, Artoo, the message.

Artoo whistles, and a beam of light projects from his domed head, 
creating a hologram of LUKE on the floor. The image grows to over ten 
feet tall, and the young Jedi towers over the space gangsters.

LUKE
Greetings, Exalted One. Allow me to introduce myself. I am Luke 
Skywalker, Jedi Knight and friend to Captain Solo. I know that you are 
powerful, mighty Jabba, and that your anger with Solo must be equally 
powerful. I seek an audience with Your Greatness to bargain for Solo's 
life. 
(Jabba's crowd laughs) 
With your wisdom, I'm sure that we can work out an arrangement which 
will be mutually beneficial and enable us to avoid any unpleasant 
confrontation. As a token of my goodwill, I present to you a gift: 
these two droids.

Threepio is startled by this announcement.

THREEPIO
What did he say?

LUKE	 (cont)
... Both are hardworking and will serve you well.

THREEPIO
This can't be! Artoo, you're playing the wrong message.

Luke's hologram disappears.

Jabba laughs while Bib speaks to him in Huttese.

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
There will be no bargain.

THREEPIO
We're doomed.

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
I will not give up my favorite decoration. I like Captain Solo where he 
is.

Jabba laughs hideously and looks toward an alcove beside the throne. 
Hanging high, flat against the wall, exactly as we saw him last, is a 
carbonized HAN SOLO.

THREEPIO
Artoo, look! Captain Solo. And he's still frozen in carbonite.

9    INT DUNGEON CORRIDOR 

One of Jabba's Gamorrean guards marches Artoo and Threepio down a dank, 
shadowy passageway lined with holding cells. The cries of unspeakable 
creatures bounce off the cold stone walls. Occasionally a repulsive arm 
or tentacle grabs through the bars at the hapless droids. Artoo beeps 
pitifully.

THREEPIO
What could possibly have come over Master Luke. Is it something I did? 
He never expressed any unhappiness with my work. Oh! Oh! Hold it! Ohh!

A large tentacle wraps around Threepio's neck. He manages to break 
free, and they move on to a door at the end of the corridor.

10   INT BOILER ROOM

The door slides open, revealing a room filled with steam and noisy 
machinery. The guard motions them into the boiler room, where they are 
met by a tall, thin humanlike robot named EV-9D9. Behind the robot can 
be seen a torture rack pulling the legs off a screaming baby work 
droid. A second power droid is upside down.  As smoking branding irons 
are pressed into his feet, the stubby robot lets out an agonized 
electronic scream. Artoo and Threepio cringe as the guard grunts to EV-
9D9.

NINEDENINE
Ah, good. New acquisitions. You are a protocol droid, are you not?

THREEPIO
I am See-Threepio, human-cy...

NINEDENINE
Yes or no will do.

THREEPIO
Oh. Well, yes.

NINEDENINE
How many languages do you speak?

THREEPIO
I am fluent in over six million forms of communication, and can 
readily...

NINEDENINE
Splendid! We have been without an interpreter since our master got 
angry with our last protocol droid and disintegrated him.

THREEPIO
Disintegrated?

NINEDENINE	 (to a Gamorrean guard)
Guard! This protocol droid might be useful. Fit him with a restraining 
bolt and take him back to His Excellency's main audience chamber.

The guard shoves Threepio toward the door.

THREEPIO	 (disappearing)
Artoo, don't leave me! Ohhh!

Artoo lets out a plaintive cry as the door closes. Then he beeps 
angrily.

NINEDENINE
You're a feisty little one, but you'll soon learn some respect. I have 
need for you on the master's Sail Barge. And I think you'll fit in 
nicely.

The poor work droid in the background lets out another tortured 
electronic scream.

11   INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM

The court of Jabba the Hutt is in the midst of a drunken, raucous 
party. Sloppy, smelly monsters cheer and make rude noises as Oola and a 
fat female dancer perform in front of Jabba's throne.

Jabba leers at the dancers and with a lustful gleam in his eye beckons 
Oola to come and sit with him. She stops dancing and backs away, 
shaking her head. Jabba gets angry and points to a spot next to him.

JABBA
Da Eitha!

The lovely alien shakes her head again and screams.

OOLA
Na Chuba negatorie Na! Na! Natoota...

Jabba is furious and pulls her toward him, tugging on the chain.

JABBA
Boscka!

He pushes a button and, before the dancer can flee, a trap door in the 
floor springs open and swallows her up. As the door snaps shut, a 
muffled growl is followed by a hideous scream. Jabba and his monstrous 
friends laugh hysterically and several revelers hurry over to watch her 
fate through a grate.

Threepio cringes and glances wistfully at the carbonite form of Han 
Solo, but is immediately distracted by a gunshot offscreen.An 
unnatural quiet sweeps the boisterous gathering. On the far side of the 
room, the crush of debauchers moves aside to allow the approach of two 
guards followed by BOUSHH, an oddly cloaked bounty hunter, leading his 
captive, Han Solo's copilot, CHEWBACCA THE WOOKIEE.

Bib takes his place next to his disgusting master, and whispers into 
his ear, pointing at Chewbacca and the bounty hunter. Jabba listens 
intently, then the bounty hunter bows before the gangster and speaks a 
greeting in a strange, electronically processed tongue (Ubese).

BOUSHH	 (in Ubese subtitled)
I have come for the bounty on this Wookiee.

THREEPIO
Oh, no! Chewbacca!

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
At last we have the mighty Chewbacca.

Jabba lets out a loud, long, blood-curdling laugh and turns to 
Threepio, waving him closer. The reluctant droid obeys.

THREEPIO
Oh, uh, yes, uh, I am here, Your Worshipfulness. Uh... yes!

Jabba continues speaking, as Threepio nervously translates. Boushh 
listens, studying the dangerous creatures around the room. He notices 
BOBA FETT standing near the door.

THREEPIO
Oh. The illustrious Jabba bids you welcome and will gladly pay you the 
reward of twenty-five thousand.

BOUSHH	 (in Ubese subtitled)
I want fifty thousand. No less.

Jabba immediately flies into a rage, knocking the golden droid off the 
raised throne into a clattering heap on the floor. Boushh adjusts his 
weapon as Jabba raves in Huttese and Threepio struggles back onto the 
throne. The disheveled droid tries to compose himself.

THREEPIO
Uh, oh... but what, what did I say?
(to Boushh)
Uh, the mighty Jabba asks why he must pay fifty thousand.

The bounty hunter holds up a small silver ball in his hand. Threepio 
looks at it, then looks at Jabba, then back to the bounty hunter. The 
droid is very nervous and Jabba is getting very impatient.

THREEPIO
Because he's holding a thermal detonator.

The guards instantly back away, as do most of the other monsters in the 
room. Jabba stares at the silver ball, which begins to glow in the 
bounty hunter's hand. The room has fallen into a tense hush. Jabba 
stares at the bounty hunter malevolently until a sly grin creeps across 
his vast mouth and he begins to laugh.

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
This bounty hunter is my kind of scum. Fearless and inventive.

Jabba continues.

THREEPIO
Jabba offers the sum of thirty-five. And I suggest you take it.

Bib and the other monsters study the bounty hunter and wait for his 
reaction. Boushh releases a switch on the thermal detonator and it goes 
dead.

BOUSHH
Zeebuss.

THREEPIO
He agrees!

The raucous crowd of monsters erupts in a symphony of cheers and 
applause as the party returns to its full noisy pitch. Chewbacca 
growls. As he is led away we spot LANDO CALRISSIAN, disguised as a 
skiff guard in a partial face mask. The band starts up and dancing 
girls take the center of the floor, to the hoots of the loudly 
appreciative creatures.

Boushh leans against a column with gunfighter cool and surveys the 
scene, his gaze stopping only when it connects with a glare from across 
the room. Boba Fett is watching him. Boushh shifts slightly, cradling 
his weapon lovingly. Boba Fett shifts with equally ominous arrogance.

12   INT DUNGEON CORRIDOR AND CELL

Gamorrean guards lead Chewie down the same hallway we saw before. When 
a tentacle reaches out at the Wookiee, Chewie's ferocious ROAR echoes 
against the walls and the tentacle snaps back into its cell in terror. 
It takes all the guards to hurl Chewie roughly into a cell, slamming 
the door behind him. Chewie lets out a pathetic howl and bangs on the 
iron door.

13   EXT JABBA'S PALACE

The palace is sitting in the light of the double sunset. On the road in 
front, a large toadlike creature flicks its tongue out for a desert 
rodent and burps in satisfaction.

14   INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM - NIGHT

Silence. The room is deserted, only the awful debris of the alien 
celebration giving mute witness to the activity here before. Several 
drunk creatures lie unconscious around the room, snoring loudly.

A shadowy figure moves stealthily among the columns at the perimeter of 
the room and is revealed to be Boushh, the bounty hunter. He picks his 
way carefully through the snoring, drunken monsters.

Han Solo, the frozen space pirate, hangs spotlighted on the wall, his 
coffin-like case suspended by a force field. The bounty hunter 
deactivates the force field by flipping a control switch to one side of 
the coffin. The heavy case slowly lowers to the floor of the alcove.

Boushh steps up to the case, studying Han, and then turns to the 
controls on the side of the coffin. He activates a series of switches 
and, after one last hesitant look at Han, slides the de-carbonization 
lever. The case begins to emit a sound as the hard shell covering the 
contours of Han's face begins to melt away. The bounty hunter watches 
as Han's body is freed of its metallic coat and his forearms and hands, 
previously raised in reflexive protest, drop slackly to his side. His 
face muscles relax from their mask of horror. He appears quite dead.

Boushh's ugly helmet leans close to Han's face listening for the breath 
of life. Nothing. He waits. Han's eyes pop open with a start and he 
begins coughing. The bounty hunter steadies the staggering newborn.

BOUSHH
Just relax for a moment. You're free of the carbonite.

Han touches his face with his hand and moans.

BOUSHH
Shhh. You have hibernation sickness.

HAN
I can't see.

BOUSHH
Your eyesight will return in time.

HAN
Where am I?

BOUSHH
Jabba's palace.

HAN
Who are you?

The bounty hunter reaches up and lifts the helmet from his head, 
revealing the beautiful face of PRINCESS LEIA.

LEIA
Someone who loves you.

HAN
Leia!

LEIA
I gotta get you out of here.

As Leia helps her weakened lover to stand up, the relative quiet is 
pierced by an obscene HUTTESE CACKLE from the other side of the alcove.

HAN
What's that? I know that laugh.

The curtain on the far side of the alcove opens, revealing Jabba the 
Hutt, surrounded by Bib and other aliens. He laughs again, and his 
gross cronies join in a cacophony of alien glee.

HAN
Hey, Jabba. Look, Jabba, I was just on my way to pay you back, but I 
got a little sidetracked. It's not my fault.

Jabba laughs.

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
It's too late for that, Solo. You may have been a good smuggler, but 
now you're Bantha fodder.

HAN
Look...

JABBA	 (cont Huttese subtitled)
Take him away!

The guards grab Han and start to lead him away.

HAN
Jabba... I'll pay you triple! You're throwing away a fortune here. 
Don't be a fool!

Han is dragged off, as Lando quickly moves forward and attempts to lead 
Leia away.

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
Bring her to me.

Jabba chuckles as Lando and a second guard drag the beautiful young 
princess toward him. Threepio peeks from behind a monster and quickly 
turns away in disgust.

LEIA
We have powerful friends. You're gonna regret this...

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
I'm sure.

Inexorably her lovely face moves to within a few inches of Jabba's ugly 
blob of a head, and Leia turns away in disgust.

LEIA
Ugh!

THREEPIO
Ohhh, I can't bear to watch.

15   INT DUNGEON CELL

The heavy metal door of the dungeon whines and slowly creaks open. A 
guard throws the blinded star captain into the dark cell and the door 
slams shut behind him, leaving only a thin sliver of light from a crack 
in the door. Han is trying to collect himself when suddenly a growl is 
heard from the far side of the cell. He jumps back against the cell 
door and listens.

HAN
Chewie? Chewie, is that you?

The shadowy figure lets out a crazy yell and races toward Han, lifting 
him off the ground with a big hug that carries them into the light, 
revealing Chewie.

HAN
Ah! Chew--Chewie!

The giant Wookiee barks with glee.

HAN
Wait. I can't see, pal. What's goin' on?

Chewie barks an excited blue streak.

HAN
Luke? Luke's crazy. He can't even take care of himself, much less 
rescue anybody.

Chewie barks a reply.

HAN
A...Jedi Knight? I--I'm out of it for a little while, everybody gets 
delusions of grandeur.

Chewie growls insistently. He holds Han to his chest and pets his head.

HAN
I'm all right, pal. I'm all right.

16   INT MAIN GATE AND HALL - JABBA'S PALACE

Noisily, the main gate lifts to flood the blackness with blinding LIGHT 
and reveal the silhouetted figure of LUKE SKYWALKER. He is clad in a 
robe similar to Ben's and wears neither pistol nor laser sword. Luke 
strides purposefully into the hallway. Two giant guards move to block 
Luke's path. Luke halts.

Luke raises his hand and points at the puzzled guards, who immediately 
lower their spears and fall back. The young Jedi lowers his hand and 
moves on down the hallway.

Bib Fortuna appears out of the gloom. He speaks to Luke as they 
approach each other, but Luke doesn't stop and Bib must reverse his 
direction and hurry alongside the young Jedi in order to carry on the 
conversation. Several other guards fall in behind them in the darkness.

LUKE
I must speak with Jabba.

Bib answers in Huttese, shaking his head in denial. Luke stops and 
stares at Bib; he raises his hand slightly.

LUKE
You will take me to Jabba now!

Bib turns in hypnotic response to Luke's command, and Luke follows him 
into the gloom.

LUKE
You serve your master well.

Bib responds.

LUKE
And you will be rewarded.

17   INT JABBA'S THRONE ROOM

Jabba is asleep on his throne, with Leia lying in front of him. 
Salacious sits by Jabba's tail, watching it wriggle. Leia is now 
dressed in the skimpy costume of a dancing girl; a chain runs from a 
manacle/necklace at her throat to her new master, Jabba the Hutt. 
Threepio stands behind Jabba as Bib comes up to the gangster slug.

THREEPIO
At last! Master Luke's come to rescue me.

BIB
Master.

Jabba awakens with a start and Bib continues, in Huttese.

BIB
...Luke Skywalker, Jedi Knight.

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
I told you not to admit him.

LUKE
I must be allowed to speak.

BIB	 (in Huttese subtitled)
He must be allowed to speak.

Jabba, furious, clobbers Bib and shoves him away.

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
You weak-minded fool! He's using an old Jedi mind trick.

Luke stares hard at Jabba.

LUKE
You will bring Captain Solo and the Wookiee to me.

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
Your mind powers will not work on me, boy.

LUKE
Nevertheless, I'm taking Captain Solo and his friends. You can either 
profit by this... or be destroyed! It's your choice. But I warn you not 
to underestimate my powers.

Jabba's laugh is mean and loud. Threepio attempts to warn Luke about 
the pit.

THREEPIO
Master Luke, you're standing on...

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
There will be no bargain, young Jedi. I shall enjoy watching you die.

Luke reaches out, and a pistol jumps out of a guard's holster and flies 
into Luke's hand. The bewildered guard grabs for it as Jabba raises his 
hand.

JABBA
Bascka!

The floor suddenly drops away, sending Luke and the hapless guard into 
the pit. The pistol goes off, blasting a hole in the ceiling. Jabba 
laughs and his courtiers join in. Leia starts forward but is restrained 
by a human guard-- Lando, recognizable behind his mask. She looks at 
him and he shakes his head "no."

18   INT RANCOR PIT

Luke and the guard have dropped twenty-five feet from a chute into the 
dungeonlike cage. Luke gets to his feet as the guard yells hysterically 
for help. A crowd gathers up around the edge of the pit as the door in 
the side of the pit starts to RUMBLE open. The guard screams in panic. 
Luke looks calmly around for a means of escape.

THREEPIO
Oh, no! The Rancor!

At the side of the pit, an iron door rumbles upward and a giant, fanged 
RANCOR emerges. The guard runs to the side of the pit and tries 
futilely to scramble to the top. The hideous beast closes in on him.

The Rancor moves past Luke, and as the guard continues to scramble, the 
Rancor picks him up and pops him into its slavering jaws. A few 
screams, and the guard is swallowed with a gulp. The audience cheers 
and laughs at the guard's fate.

The monster turns and starts for Luke. The young Jedi dashes away just 
ahead of the monster's swipe at him, and picks up the long arm bone of 
an earlier victim. The monster grabs Luke and brings him up to his 
salivating mouth. At the last moment, Luke wedges the bone in the 
monster's mouth and is dropped to the floor. The monster bellows in 
rage and flails about, hitting the side of the pit, causing an 
avalanche.

The monster crushes the bone in its jaws and sees Luke, who squeezes 
into a crevice in the pit wall. Luke looks past the monster to the 
holding cave beyond. On the far side of the holding cave is a utility 
door--if only he can get to it. The Rancor spots Luke and reaches into 
the crevice for him. Luke grabs a large rock and raises it, smashing it 
down on the Rancor's finger.

19   HOLDING TUNNEL - RANCOR PIT

The Rancor lets out a loud howl as Luke makes a run for the holding 
cave. He reaches the door and pushes a button to open it. When he 
succeeds, he sees a heavy barred gate between him and safety. Beyond 
the gate two guards look up from their dinner. Luke turns to see the 
monster heading for him, and pulls with all his might on the gate. The 
guards move to the gate and start poking at the young Jedi with spears, 
laughing.

Luke crouches (against the wall) as the monster starts to reach for 
him. Suddenly he notices a main door control panel halfway up the wall. 
As the Rancor moves in for the kill, Luke picks up a skull from the 
cave floor and hurls it at the panel. The giant overhead door comes 
crashing down on the beast's head, squashing it like a sledgehammer on 
an egg.

A startled gasp is heard from the stunned court. There's consternation 
at this turn of events. Heads look to Jabba, who is actually turning 
red with anger. Leia cannot suppress her joy. Jabba utters harsh 
commands to his guards and they hurry off.

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
Bring me Solo and the Wookiee. They will all suffer for this outrage.

21   INT RANCOR PIT

The Rancor KEEPERS have come into the cage and are examining their dead 
beast. One of them breaks down and weeps. The other glares menacingly 
at Luke, who is unworried. Several guards rush into the holding tunnel 
and take Luke away.

22   INT THRONE ROOM

The crowd of creepy courtiers parts as Han and Chewie are brought into 
the throne room, and other guards drag Luke up the steps.

LUKE
Han!

HAN
Luke!

LUKE
Are you all right?

HAN
Fine. Together again, huh?

LUKE
Wouldn't miss it.

HAN
How are we doing?

LUKE
The same as always.

HAN
That bad, huh? Where's Leia?

Luke looks to Leia.

LEIA
I'm here.

Threepio is standing behind the grotesque gangster as he strokes Leia 
like a pet cat. Several of the guards, including Lando, bring Luke from 
the other side of the room. Boba is standing behind Jabba.

Threepio steps forward and translates for the captives.

THREEPIO
Oh, dear. His High Exaltedness, the great Jabba the Hutt, has decreed 
that you are to be terminated immediately.

HAN
Good, I hate long waits.

THREEPIO
You will therefore be taken to the Dune Sea and cast into the pit of 
Carkoon, the nesting place of the all-powerful Sarlacc.

HAN	 (to Luke)
Doesn't sound so bad.

THREEPIO
In his belly, you will find a new definition of pain and suffering, as 
you are slowly digested over a thousand years.

HAN
On second thought, let's pass on that, huh?

Chewie barks his agreement.

LUKE
You should have bargained, Jabba. That's the last mistake you'll ever 
make.

Jabba cackles evilly at this.

As the guards drag the prisoners from the throne room, a loud cheer 
rises from the crowd. Leia and Chewie exchange concerned looks, but 
Luke Skywalker, Jedi warrior, cannot suppress a smile.

23   EXT TATOOINE SEA - SKIFF

Jabba's huge SAIL BARGE moves above the desert surface accompanied by 
two smaller Skiffs. One of the skiffs glides close, revealing Luke, 
Han, and Chewie -- all in bonds -- surrounded by guards, one of whom is 
Lando in disguise.

HAN
I think my eyes are getting better. Instead of a big dark blur, I see a 
big light blur.

LUKE
There's nothing to see. I used to live here, you know.

HAN
You're gonna die here, you know. Convenient.

LUKE
Just stick close to Chewie and Lando. I've taken care of everything.

HAN
Oh... great!

24   INT BARGE OBSERVATION DECK

Jabba the Hutt rides like a sultan in the massive antigravity ship. His 
entire retinue is with him, drinking, eating, and having a good time. 
Leia is watching her friends in the skiff when the chain attached to 
her neck is pulled tight and Jabba tugs the scantily clad princess to 
him.

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
Soon you will learn to appreciate me.

Threepio wanders among the Sail Barge aliens, bumping into a smaller 
droid serving drinks, spilling them all over the place. The stubby 
droid lets out an angry series of beeps and whistles.

THREEPIO
Oh, I'm terribly sor... Artoo! What are you doing here?

Artoo beeps a quick reply.

THREEPIO
Well, I can see you're serving drinks, but this place is dangerous. 
They're going to execute Master Luke and, if we're not careful, us too!

Artoo whistles a singsong response.

THREEPIO
Hmm.  I wish I had your confidence.

25   EXT SARLACC PIT 

The convoy moves up over a huge sand pit. The Sail Barge stops to one 
side of the depression, as does the escort skiff. But the prisoner's 
skiff moves out directly over the center and hovers. At the bottom of 
the deep cone of sand is a repulsive, mucous-lined hole, surrounded by 
thousands of needle-sharp teeth. This is the SARLACC. A plank is 
extended from the edge of the prisoner's skiff. Guards release Luke's 
bonds and shove him out onto the plank above the Sarlacc's mouth.

26   EXT SAIL BARGE OBSERVATION DECK

Jabba and Leia are now by the rail, watching. Threepio leans forward 
and the slobbering villain mumbles something to him. As Threepio steps 
up to a comlink, Jabba raises his arm and the motley array of 
intergalactic pirates fall silent. Threepio's voice is amplified across 
loudspeakers.

THREEPIO
Victims of the almighty Sarlacc: His Excellency hopes that you will die 
honorably. But should any of you wish to beg for mercy, the great Jabba 
the Hutt will now listen to your pleas.

27   EXT SKIFF

Han steps forward arrogantly and begins to speak.

HAN
Threepio, you tell that slimy piece of... worm-ridden filth he'll get 
no such pleasure from us. Right?

Chewie growls his agreement.

LUKE
Jabba! This is your last chance. Free us or die.

Lando moves unobtrusively along the skiff as Luke shoots a quick look 
of conspiracy to him.

28   INT SAIL BARGE OBSERVATION DECK

The assembled monsters rock with mocking laughter as Artoo zips 
unnoticed up the ramp to the upper deck. Jabba's laughter subsides as 
he speaks into the comlink.

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
Move him into position.

Jabba makes a thumbs-down gesture. Leia looks worried.

29   EXT BARGE - UPPER DECK

Artoo appears from below and zips over to the rail facing the pit. 
Below, in the skiff, Luke is prodded by a guard to the edge of the 
plank over the gaping Sarlacc. Luke looks up at Artoo, then gives a 
jaunty salute: the signal the little droid has been waiting for. A flap 
opens in Artoo's domed head.

JABBA	 (in Huttese subtitled)
Put him in.

30   EXT SKIFF - PLANK

Luke is prodded and jumps off the plank to the cheers of the 
bloodthirsty spectators. But, before anyone can even perceive what is 
happening, he spins around and grabs the end of the plank by his 
fingertips. The plank bends wildly from his weight and catapults him 
skyward. In midair he does a complete flip and drops down on the end of 
the plank in the same spot he just vacated, but facing the skiff. He 
casually extends an open palm and -- his lightsaber, which Artoo has 
sent arcing toward him, drops into his hand.

With samurai speed, Luke ignites it and attacks the guard who prodded 
him off the plank, sending the hapless monster screaming overboard. The 
other guards swarm toward Luke. He wades into them, lightsaber 
flashing. Lando struggles with another guard at the back of the skiff.

31   EXT SARLACC PIT

A bewildered guard lands in the soft, sandy slope of the pit, and 
begins sliding. He claws desperately as a Sarlacc tentacle grabs him 
and pulls him screaming into the viscous mouth.

32   INT SAIL BARGE

Jabba watches this and explodes in rage. He barks commands, and the 
guards around him rush off to do his bidding. The scuzzy creatures 
watching the action from the window are in an uproar.

33   EXT SKIFF 

Luke knocks another guard off the skiff and into the waiting mouth of 
the Sarlacc. He starts to untie Chewie's bonds.

LUKE
Easy, Chewie.

At that moment, the deck gunmen on the barge unleash a series of blasts 
from a big cannon on the upper deck. Lando is tossed from the deck of 
the rocking skiff. He manages to grab a rope, and dangles desperately 
above the Sarlacc pit.

LANDO
Whoa! Whoa! Help!

34   EXT UPPER DECK - SAIL BARGE

With two swift strides, the dangerous Boba Fett ignites his rocket 
pack, leaps into the air, and flies from the barge down to the skiff.

35   EXT SKIFF

Boba lands on the skiff and starts to aim his laser gun at Luke, who 
has freed Han and Chewie from their bonds. But before Boba can fire, 
the young Jedi spins on him, lightsaber sweeping, and hacks the bounty 
hunter's gun in half.

Immediately, the skiff takes another direct hit from the barge's deck 
gun. Shards of skiff deck fly. Chewie and Han are thrown against the 
rail.

HAN
Chewie, you okay? Where is he?

The Wookiee is wounded and he howls in pain.

HAN
I'm okay, pal.

For a moment, Luke is distracted, and in that moment, Boba fires a 
cable out of his armored sleeve. Instantly, Luke is wrapped in a strong 
cable, his arms pinned against his side, his sword arm free only from 
the wrist down.  Luke bends his wrist so the lightsaber points straight 
up to reach the wire lasso and cuts through. Luke shrugs away the cable 
and stands free.

Another blast from the Barge's deck gun hits near Boba and he is 
knocked unconscious to the deck, next to where Lando is hanging.

LANDO
Han! Chewie?

HAN
Lando!

Luke is a little shaken but remains standing as a fusillade brackets 
him. The second skiff, loaded with guards firing their weapons, moves 
in on Luke fast. Luke leaps toward the incoming second skiff. The young 
Jedi leaps into the middle of the second skiff and begins decimating 
the guards from their midst.

Chewie, wounded, tries to lift himself as he barks directions to Han, 
guiding him toward a spear which has been dropped by one of the guards. 
Han searches the deck as Chewie barks directions; finally he grabs hold 
of the spear.

Boba Fett, badly shaken, rises from the deck. He looks over at the 
other skiff, where Luke is whipping a mass of guards. Boba raises his 
arm, and aims his lethal appendage.

Chewie barks desperately at Han.

HAN
Boba Fett?! Boba Fett?! Where?

The space pirate turns around blindly, and the long spear in his hand 
whacks squarely in the middle of Boba's rocket pack.

The impact of the swing causes the rocket pack to ignite. Boba blasts 
off, flying over the second skiff like a missile, smashing against the 
side of the huge Sail Barge and sliding away into the pit. He screams 
as his armored body makes its last flight past Lando and directly into 
the mucous mouth of the Sarlacc. The Sarlacc burps. Chewie growls a 
weak congratulations to Han.

36   INT SAIL BARGE

Leia turns from the spectacle outside, leaps onto Jabba's throne, and 
throws the chain that enslaves her over his head around his bulbous 
neck. Then she dives off the other side of the throne, pulling the 
chain violently in her grasp. Jabba's flaccid neck contracts beneath 
the tightening chain. His huge eyes bulge from their sockets and his 
scum-coated tongue flops out. The Exalted Hutt's huge tail spasms 
through its death throes and then slams down into final stillness. Leia 
struggles to free herself of her bondage.

37   EXT SKIFF

Luke continues to destroy the aliens on the guards' skiff, as Han 
extends his spear downward to Lando, who is still dangling precariously 
from a rope on the prisoner's skiff.

HAN
Lando, grab it!

LANDO
Lower it!

HAN
I'm trying!

A major hit from the barge deck gun knocks the skiff on its side. Han 
and almost everything else on board slides overboard. The rope breaks, 
and Lando falls to the side of the Sarlacc pit. Luckily, Han's foot 
catches on the skiff railing and he dangles above Lando and the pit. 
The wounded Wookiee holds onto the skiff for dear life as another hit 
from the deck gun rocks the skiff violently.

HAN
Whoa! Whoa! Grab me, Chewie! I'm slipping.

Chewie grabs hold of Han's feet, holding him upside down, as Han 
extends the spear toward Lando, who is clutching to the side of the 
pit.

HAN
Grab it! L--Lando. Grab!

Luke finishes off the last guard on the second skiff. He sees the deck 
gun blasting away at his helpless companions. Luke leaps from the 
skiff, across a chasm of air, to the sheer metallic side of the Sail 
Barge. Barely able to get a fingerhold, he begins a painful climb up 
the hull, when suddenly an ax smashes through a window an inch from his 
head. With Jedi agility, Luke grasps the wrist holding the ax and yanks 
the helpless guard through the broken window and into the deadly pit.

The injured Chewie is reaching over the rail for the dangling Han, who 
is in turn blindly reaching down toward the desperate Lando. The Baron 
has stopped his slippage down the sandy slope of the Sarlacc pit by 
lying very still. Every time he tries to reach for Han, the loose sand 
moves him closer to his final reward.

HAN
Grab it! Almost... You almost got it!

Another blast hits the front of the tilted skiff, causing Lando to let 
go of the spear.

LANDO
Hold it! Whoa!

Again Han extends the spear toward Lando.

HAN
Gently now. All... all right. Now easy, easy. Hold me, Chewie.

Lando screams. One of the Sarlacc's tentacles has wrapped tightly 
around his ankle, dragging him down the side of the pit.

HAN
Chewie! Chewie, give me the gun. Don't move, Lando.

LANDO
No, wait! I thought you were blind!

HAN
It's all right. Trust me. Don't move.

LANDO
All right! A little higher! Just a little higher!

Han adjusts his aim as Lando lowers his head, and the fuzzy-eyed pirate 
fires at the tentacle. Direct hit. The tentacle releases Lando, and 
Chewie starts to pull them on board the skiff.

HAN
Chewie, Pull us up! Come on! Okay... up, Chewie, up!

38   EXT UPPER DECK

The deck gunners have Chewie and the desperate dangling human chain in 
their gun sights when something up on deck commands their attention: 
Luke, standing before them like a pirate king, ignites his lightsaber. 
The deck gunners have barely reached for their pistols before the young 
Jedi has demolished them. Immediately, Luke turns to see two more 
gunners (who have been uncovering a giant gun at the end of the barge) 
racing for him, firing their laser pistols.

39   INT SAIL BARGE - OBSERVATION DECK

Leia is struggling against her chains in desperation as Artoo zips 
through the tumult of confused monsters to the rescue; the stubby 
little droid extends a small laser gun and blasts the chain apart.

LEIA
Come on. We gotta get out of here quick.

Artoo and Leia race for the exit, passing Threepio, who is kicking and 
screaming as Salacious Crumb, the reptilian monkey- monster picks out 
one of the golden droid's eyes.

THREEPIO
Not my eyes! Artoo, help! Quickly, Artoo. Oh! Ohhh! You beast!

Artoo zips over and zaps Salacious, sending him skyward with a scream, 
crashing into the rafters as Artoo, Leia, and Threepio (with his eye 
dangling from a wire) hurry off.

40   EXT UPPER DECK - SAIL BARGE

Luke is warding off laser blasts with his lightsaber, surrounded by 
guards and fighting like a demon. Leia emerges onto the deck as Luke 
turns to face another guard.

LUKE	 (to Leia)
Get the gun! Point it at the deck!

Leia turns toward the barge cannon, climbs on the platform, and swivels 
the gun around.

LUKE
Point it at the deck!

A laser blast hits Luke's mechanical hand and he bends over in pain, 
but manages to swing his lightsaber upward and take out the last of the 
guards. He looks at the wounded hand, which reveals the mechanism. He 
flexes the hand; it still works.

Near the rail of the upper deck, Artoo and Threepio steady themselves 
as Threepio gets ready to jump. Artoo beeps wildly.

THREEPIO
Artoo, where are we going? I couldn't possibly jump.

Artoo butts the golden droid over the edge and steps off himself, 
tumbling toward the sand.

Luke runs along the empty deck toward Leia and the barge gun, which she 
has brought around to point down at the deck.

LUKE
Come on!

Luke has hold on one of the rigging ropes from the mast. He gathers 
Leia in his other arm and kicks the trigger of the deck gun. The gun 
explodes into the deck as Luke and Leia swing out toward the skiff.

41   EXT SKIFF  

Han leans panting against the rail as Chewie helps Lando onto the deck. 
Luke and Leia land on the skiff with flair.

LUKE
Let's go! And don't forget the droids.

LANDO
We're on our way.

The Sail Barge is exploding in stages in the distance. Half of the huge 
craft is on fire.

42   EXT SAND DUNE

Threepio's legs stick straight up from the dune where he landed. Next 
to it, Artoo's periscope is the only thing above the sand. The skiff 
floats above them and two large electromagnets dangle down on a wire. 
With a loud CLANG, both droids are pulled 
from the sand.

43   EXT DUNE SEA

The little skiff skips around the burning Sail Barge, which continues 
its chain of explosions. As the skiff sails off across the desert, the 
barge settles to the sand and disappears in one final conflagration.

44   EXT DUNE SEA - LANDING AREA

A ferocious sandstorm blocks our view. Then, through the ROAR, we HEAR 
THE VOICES of our heroes. They emerge slowly from the veil of sand, 
pressing on against the wind. First come Artoo and Threepio, followed 
by Leia guiding Han, then Luke and Lando come into view, each 
supporting one side of the towering Chewbacca, who hobbles from his 
wound.

Soon, they can make out some large vague shapes in the blowing sand. It 
is the Millennium Falcon and, parked beside it, Luke's trusty X-wing 
and a two-seated Y-wing. They must shout to be heard.

HAN
I don't know. All I can see is a lot of blowing sand!

LEIA
That's all any of us can see.

HAN	 (blinking)
Then I guess I'm getting better.

As soon as the group huddles under the bulk of the Falcon, the wind 
dies down to something more describable as a severe weather condition. 
Threepio hits a switch, and the gang-plank lowers with a HUM.

HAN 	(turning to Luke)
I've got to hand it to you, kid, you were pretty good out there.

LUKE	 (shrugging it off)
I had a lot of help. Think nothing of it.

HAN
No, I'm thinking a lot about it. That carbon freeze was the closest 
thing to dead there is. And it wasn't just sleepin'. It was a big wide 
awake nothing!

Luke nods, as Chewie growls affectionately at the young Jedi warrior, 
mussing his hair like a proud uncle. And Leia warmly hugs him.

LUKE 	(moving to his ship)
I'll see you back at the fleet.

HAN
Why don't you leave that crate and come with us?

LUKE
I have a promise I have to keep first... to an old friend.

Luke and Artoo take off in their spacecraft.

HAN		
(looking dubiously at Lando, obviously remembering his friend's 
betrayal and subsequent aide)
Guess I owe you some thanks, too, Lando.

LANDO
Figured if I left you frozen like that you'd just give me bad luck the 
rest of my life, so I might as well get you unfrozen sooner or later.

LEIA
He means "You're welcome."

LANDO
Come on, let's get off this miserable dust ball.

44A  EXT SPACE ABOVE TATOOINE 

The desolate yellow planet fills the screen, Luke's X-wing appears and 
peels off to the left. A moment later, the FALCON appears as a dot and 
grows huge, to roar directly over the CAMERA.

45   INT X-WING - COCKPIT

Luke is at the controls, with Artoo attached behind him outside the 
canopy. Luke speaks into his comlink to the others, in the MILLENNIUM 
FALCON.

LUKE
I'll meet you back at the fleet.

LEIA	 (over comlink)
Hurry. The Alliance should be assembled by now.

LUKE
I will.

HAN	 (over comlink)
Hey, Luke, thanks. Thanks for comin' after me. Now I owe you one.

A message from Artoo appears on the small monitor screen in front of 
Luke. He smiles at the monitor and speaks to Artoo, as he pulls a black 
glove on to cover his wounded mechanical hand.

LUKE
That's right, Artoo. We're going to the Dagobah system. I have a 
promise to keep... to an old friend.

46   EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR AND ENDOR

A Super Star Destroyer and several ships of the Imperial Fleet rest in 
space above the half-completed Death Star and its green neighbor, 
Endor. Four squads of TIE fighters escort an Imperial shuttle toward 
the Death Star.

47   INT DEATH STAR - CORRIDOR TO DOCKING BAY

Lord Vader strides down the hallway, accompanied by a very nervous 
Death Star commander.

48   INT DOCKING BAY - DEATH STAR

Thousands of Imperial troops in tight formation fill the mammoth 
docking bay. Vader and the officer walk to the landing platform, where 
the shuttle is coming to rest.

The shuttle's ramp lowers and the Emperor's Royal Guards come out and 
create a lethal perimeter. The assembled troops move to rigid attention 
with a momentous SNAP.

Then, in the huge SILENCE which follows, the EMPEROR appears. He is a 
rather small, shriveled old man. His bent frame slowly makes its way 
down the ramp with the aid of a gnarled cane. He wears a hooded cloak 
similar to the one Ben wears, except that it is black. The Emperor's 
face is shrouded and difficult to see, except for his piercing yellow 
eyes. Commander Jerjerrod and Darth Vader kneel to him. The Supreme 
Ruler of the galaxy beckons to the Dark Lord.

EMPEROR	 (to Vader)
Rise, my friend.

Vader rises and falls in next to the Emperor as he slowly makes his way 
along the rows of troops. Jerjerrod and the other commanders stay 
kneeling until the Supreme Ruler and Vader, followed by several 
Imperial dignitaries, pass by; only then do they join in the 
procession.

VADER
The Death Star will be completed on schedule.

EMPEROR
You have done well, Lord Vader. And now I sense you wish to continue 
your search for young Skywalker.

VADER
Yes, my Master.

EMPEROR
Patience, my friend. In time he will seek you out. And when he does, 
you must bring him
before me. He has grown strong. Only together can we turn him to the 
dark side of the
Force.

VADER
As you wish.

EMPEROR
Everything is proceeding as I have foreseen.

He laughs to himself as they pass along the vast line of Imperial 
troops.

49   EXT YODA'S HOUSE - DAGOBAH

Once again, Artoo finds himself waiting around in the damp environs of 
the swamp planet, and he's none too happy about it. He beeps 
disconsolately to himself and turns to look at Yoda's cottage. Warm 
yellow light escapes the oddly shaped windows to fight the gloom.

50   INT YODA'S HOUSE

The tip of a walking stick taps hesitantly across the earthen floor of 
the cottage. Our view travels up the stick to the small green hand that 
clutches it, and then to the familiar face of YODA, THE JEDI MASTER. 
His manner is frail, and his voice, though cheerful, seems weaker.

YODA
Hmm. That face you make. Look I so old to young eyes?

Luke is sitting in a corner of the cramped space and, indeed, his look 
has been woeful. Caught, he tries to hide it.

LUKE
No... of course not.

YODA	 (tickled, chuckles)
I do, yes, I do!  Sick have I become. Old and weak. 
(Points a crooked finger)
When nine hundred years old you reach, look as good you will not. Hmm?

Yoda chuckles at this, coughs, and hobbles over toward his bed.

YODA
Soon will I rest. Yes, forever sleep. Earned it, I have.

Yoda sits himself on his bed, with great effort.

LUKE
Master Yoda, you can't die.

YODA
Strong am I with the Force... but not that strong! Twilight is upon me 
and soon night must fall. That is the way of things... the way of the 
Force.

LUKE
But I need your help. I've come back to complete the training.

YODA
No more training do you require. Already know you that which you need.

Yoda sighs, and lies back on his bed.

LUKE
Then I am a Jedi?

YODA	 (shakes his head)
Ohhh. Not yet. One thing remains: Vader. You must confront Vader. Then, 
only then, a Jedi will you be. And confront him you will.

Luke is in agony. He is silent for a long moment, screwing up his 
courage. Finally he is able to ask.

LUKE
Master Yoda... is Darth Vader my father?

Yoda's eyes are full of weariness and compassion. An odd, sad smile 
creases his face. He turns painfully on his side, away from Luke.

YODA
Mmm... rest I need. Yes... rest.

Luke watches him, each moment an eternity.

LUKE
Yoda, I must know.

YODA
Your father he is.

Luke reacts as if cut.

YODA
Told you, did he?

LUKE
Yes.

A new look of concern crosses Yoda's face.  He closes his eyes.

YODA
Unexpected this is, and unfortunate...

LUKE
Unfortunate that I know the truth?

Yoda opens his eyes again and studies the youth.

YODA		 (gathering all his strength)
No. Unfortunate that you rushed to face him... that incomplete was your 
training. Not
ready for the burden were you.

LUKE
Well, I'm sorry.

YODA
Remember, a Jedi's strength flows from the Force.  But beware.  Anger, 
fear, aggression.
The dark side are they.  Once you start down the dark path, forever 
will it dominate your
destiny.

He beckons the young Jedi closer to him.

YODA
Luke...Luke...Do not...Do not underestimate the powers of the Emperor, 
or suffer your father's fate, you will. Luke, when gone am I
(cough),
the last of the Jedi will you be. Luke, the Force runs strong in your 
family. Pass on what you have learned, Luke... 
(with great effort)
There is...another...Sky...Sky...walker.

He catches his breath. A shiver runs through the ancient green 
creature, and he dies. Luke stares at his dead master as he disappears 
in front of his eyes.

51   EXT DAGOBAH SWAMP - X-WING 

Luke wanders back to where his ship is sitting. Artoo beeps a greeting, 
but is ignored by his depressed master. Luke kneels down, begins to 
help Artoo with the ship, then stops and shakes his head dejectedly.

LUKE
I can't do it, Artoo. I can't go on alone.

BEN	 (OS)
Yoda will always be with you.

Luke looks up to see the shimmering image of BEN KENOBI.

LUKE
Obi-Wan! Why didn't you tell me?

The ghost of Ben Kenobi approaches him through the swamp.

LUKE
You told me Vader betrayed and murdered my father.

BEN
You father was seduced by the dark side of the Force. He ceased to be 
Anakin Skywalker
and became Darth Vader. When that happened, the good man who was your 
father was destroyed. So what I have told you was true... from a 
certain point of view.

LUKE	 (turning away, derisive)
A certain point of view!

BEN
Luke, you're going to find that many of the truths we cling to depend 
greatly on our own
point of view.

Luke is unresponsive. Ben studies him in silence for a moment.

BEN
I don't blame you for being angry. If I was wrong in what I did, it 
certainly wouldn't have been for the first time. You see, what happened 
to your father was my fault.

Ben pauses sadly.

BEN
Anakin was a good friend.

Luke turns with interest at this. As Ben speaks, Luke settles on a 
stump, mesmerized. Artoo comes over to offer his comforting presence.

BEN
When I first knew him, your father was already a great pilot. But I was 
amazed how strongly the Force was with him. I took it upon myself to 
train him as a Jedi. I thought that I could instruct him just as well 
as Yoda. I was wrong. My pride has had terrible consequences for the 
galaxy.

Luke is entranced.

LUKE
There's still good in him.

BEN
I also thought he could be turned back to the good side. It couldn't be 
done. He is more machine now than man. Twisted and evil.

LUKE
I can't do it, Ben.

BEN
You cannot escape your destiny.

LUKE
I tried to stop him once. I couldn't do it.

BEN
Vader humbled you when first you met him, Luke... but that experience 
was part of your training. It taught you, among other things, the value 
of patience. Had you not been so impatient to defeat Vader then, you 
could have finished your training here with Yoda. You would have been 
prepared.

LUKE
But I had to help my friends.

BEN	 (grinning at Luke's indignation)
And did you help them? It was they who had to save you. You achieved 
little by rushing back prematurely, I fear.

LUKE	 (with sadness)
I found out Darth Vader was my father.

BEN
To be a Jedi, Luke, you must confront and then go beyond the dark side 
- the side your father couldn't get past. Impatience is the easiest 
door - for you, like your father. Only, your father was seduced by what 
he found on the other side of the door, and you have held firm. You're 
no longer so reckless now, Luke. You are strong and patient. And now, 
you must face Darth Vader again!

LUKE
I can't kill my own father.

BEN
Then the Emperor has already won. You were our only hope.

LUKE
Yoda spoke of another.

BEN
The other he spoke of is your twin sister.

LUKE
But I have no sister.

BEN
Hmm. To protect you both from the Emperor, you were hidden from your 
father when you were born. The Emperor knew, as I did, if Anakin were 
to have any offspring, they would be a threat to him. That is the 
reason why your sister remains safely anonymous.

LUKE
Leia! Leia's my sister.

BEN
Your insight serves you well. Bury your feelings deep down, Luke. They 
do you credit.
But they could be made to serve the Emperor.

Luke looks into the distance, trying to comprehend all this.

BEN	 (continuing his narrative)
When your father left, he didn't know your mother was pregnant. Your 
mother and I knew he would find out eventually, but we wanted to keep 
you both as safe as possible, for as long as possible.  So I took you 
to live with my brother Owen on Tatooine... and your mother took Leia 
to live as the daughter of Senator Organa, on Alderaan.

Luke turns, and settles near Ben to hear the tale.

BEN	 (attempting to give solace with his words)
The Organa household was high-born and politically quite powerful in 
that system. Leia became a princess by virtue of lineage... no one knew 
she'd been adopted, of course. But it was a title without real power, 
since Alderaan had long been a democracy.  Even so, the family 
continued to be politically powerful, and Leia, following in her foster 
father's path, became a senator as well.  That's not all she became, of 
course... she became the leader of her cell in the Alliance against the 
corrupt Empire. And because she had diplomatic immunity, she was a 
vital link for getting information to the Rebel cause.  That's what she 
was doing when her path crossed yours... for her foster parents had 
always told her to contact me on Tatooine, if her troubles became 
desperate.

Luke is overwhelmed by the truth, and is suddenly protective of his 
sister.

LUKE
But you can't let her get involved now, Ben. Vader will destroy her.

BEN
She hasn't been trained in the ways of the Jedi the way you have, 
Luke... but the Force is strong with her, as it is with all of your 
family. There is no avoiding the battle. You must face and destroy 
Vader!

52   EXT SPACE - REBEL FLEET

The vast Rebel Fleet stretches as far as the eye can see. Overhead a 
dozen small Corellian battleships fly in formation. Fighters and 
battlecruisers surround the largest of the Rebel Star Cruisers, the 
HEADQUARTERS FRIGATE.

53   INT HEADQUARTERS FRIGATE - MAIN BRIEFING ROOM

Hundreds of Rebel commanders of all races and forms are assembled in 
the WAR ROOM. WEDGE is among them. In the center of the room is a 
holographic model depicting the half-completed Imperial Death Star, the 
nearby Moon of Endor, and the protecting deflector shield.

MON MOTHMA, the leader of the Alliance, enters the room. She is a stern 
but beautiful woman in her fifties. Conferring with her are several 
military leaders, including GENERAL MADINE and ADMIRAL ACKBAR (a 
salmon-colored Mon Calamari). Lando moves through the crowd until he 
finds Han and Chewie, standing next to Leia and the two droids.

Han peers at Lando's new insignia on his chest, and is amused.

HAN
Well, look at you, a general, huh?

 LANDO
 Oh, well, someone must have told them about my little maneuver at the 
battle of Taanab.

HAN	 (sarcastic)
Well, don't look at me, pal. I just said you were a fair pilot. I 
didn't know they were
lookin' for somebody to lead this crazy attack.

LANDO	 (smiling)
I'm surprised they didn't ask you to do it.

HAN
Well, who says they didn't.  But I ain't crazy. You're the respectable 
one, remember?

Mon Mothma signals for attention, and the room falls silent.

MON MOTHMA
The Emperor has made a critical error and the time for our attack has 
come.

This causes a stir. Mon Mothma turns to a holographic model of the 
Death Star, the Endor moon and the protecting deflector shield in the 
center of the room.

MON MOTHMA
The data brought to us by the Bothan spies pinpoints the exact location 
of the Emperor's new battle station. We also know that the weapon 
systems of this Death Star are not yet operational. With the Imperial 
Fleet spread throughout the galaxy in a vain effort to engage us, it is 
relatively unprotected. But most important of all, we've learned that 
the Emperor himself is personally overseeing the final stages of the 
construction of this Death Star.

A volley of spirited chatter erupts from the crowd. Han turns to Leia 
as Chewie barks his amazement.

MON MOTHMA	 (cont)
Many Bothans died to bring us this information. Admiral Ackbar, please.

Admiral Ackbar steps forward and points to the Death Star's force field 
and the Moon of Endor.

ACKBAR
You can see here the Death Star orbiting the forest Moon of Endor. 
Although the weapon
systems on this Death Star are not yet operational, the Death Star does 
have a strong defense mechanism. It is protected by an energy shield, 
which is generated from the nearby forest Moon of Endor. The shield 
must be deactivated if any attack is to be attempted. Once the shield 
is down, our cruisers will create a perimeter, while the fighters fly 
into the superstructure and attempt to knock out the main reactor.

There's a concerned murmur.

ACKBAR	 (cont)
General Calrissian has volunteered to lead the fighter attack

Han turns to Lando with a look of respect.

HAN
Good luck.

Lando nods his thanks.

HAN
You're gonna need it.

ACKBAR
General Madine.

Madine moves center stage.

GENERAL MADINE
We have stolen a small Imperial shuttle. Disguised as a cargo ship, and 
using a secret
Imperial code, a strike team will land on the moon and deactivate the 
shield generator.

The assembly begins to mumble among themselves.

THREEPIO
Sounds dangerous.

LEIA	 (to Han)
I wonder who they found to pull that off.

GENERAL MADINE
General Solo, is your strike team assembled?

Leia, startled, looks up at Han, surprise changing to admiration.

HAN
Uh, my team's ready. I don't have a command crew for the shuttle.

Chewbacca raises his hairy paw and volunteers.  Han looks up at him.

HAN
Well, it's gonna be rough, pal. I didn't want to speak for you.

Chewie waves that off with a huge GROWL.

HAN	 (smiles)
That's one.

LEIA
Uh, General... count me in.

VOICE	 (OS)
I'm with you, too!

They turn in that direction and peer into the crowd as there are more 
cheers. The commanders part, and there at the back stands Luke. Han and 
Leia are surprised and delighted.

Leia moves to Luke and embraces him warmly. She senses a change in him 
and looks into his eyes questioningly.

LEIA
 What is it?

LUKE	 (hesitant)
Ask me again sometime.

Han, Chewie, and Lando crowd around Luke as the assembly breaks up.

HAN
Luke.

LUKE
Hi, Han... Chewie.

Artoo beeps a singsong observation to a worried Threepio.

 THREEPIO
"Exciting" is hardly the word I would use.

54   INT HEADQUARTERS FRIGATE - MAIN DOCKING BAY

The Millennium Falcon rests beyond the stolen IMPERIAL SHUTTLE, which 
looks anomalous among all the Rebel ships in the vast docking bay. 
Chewie barks a final farewell to Lando and leads Artoo and Threepio up 
the shuttle, crowded now with the Rebel strike team loading weapons and 
supplies. Lando turns to face Han. Luke and Leia have said their good-
byes and start up the ramp.

HAN
Look. I want you to take her. I mean it. Take her. You need all the 
help you can get. She's
the fastest ship in the fleet.

LANDO
All right, old buddy. You know, I know what she means to you. I'll take 
good care of her.
She-she won't get a scratch. All right?

HAN	 (looks at him warmly)
Right. I got your promise now. Not a scratch.

LANDO
Look, would you get going, you pirate.

Han and Lando pause, then exchange salutes.

LANDO
Good luck.

HAN
You, too.

Han goes up the ramp. Lando watches him go and then slowly turns away.

55   INT IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT

Luke is working on a back control panel as Han comes in and takes the 
pilot's seat. Chewie, in the seat next to him, is trying to figure out 
all the Imperial controls.

HAN
You got her warmed?

LUKE
Yeah, she's comin' up.

Chewie growls a complaint.

HAN
No. I don't think the Empire had Wookiees in mind when they designed 
her, Chewie.

Leia comes in from the hold and takes her seat near Luke.

Chewie barks and hits some switches. Han's glance has stuck on 
something out the window: the Millennium Falcon. Leia nudges him 
gently.

LEIA
Hey, are you awake?

HAN
Yeah, I just got a funny feeling. Like I'm not gonna see her again.

Chewie, hearing this, stops his activity and looks longingly out at the 
Falcon, too. Leia puts a hand on Han's shoulder.

LEIA	 (softly)
Come on, General, let's move.

Han snaps back to life.

HAN
Right. Chewie, let's see what this piece of junk can do. Ready, 
everybody?

LUKE
All set.

THREEPIO
Here we go again.

HAN
All right, hang on.

56   EXT SPACE - THE REBEL FLEET

The stolen Imperial shuttle leaves the main docking bay of the 
Headquarters Frigate, lowers its wings into flight position, and zooms 
off into space.

57   INT EMPEROR'S THRONE ROOM

The converted control room is dimly lit, except for a pool of light at 
the far end. There the Emperor sits in an elaborate control chair 
before a large window which looks out across the half-completed Death 
Star to the giant green moon of Endor.

Darth Vader, standing with other members of the Imperial council, 
cautiously approaches his master. The ruler's back is to Vader. After 
several tense moments, the Emperor's chair rotates around to face him.

VADER
What is thy bidding, my Master?

EMPEROR
Send the fleet to the far side of Endor. There it will stay until 
called for.

VADER
What of the reports of the Rebel fleet massing near Sullust?

EMPEROR
It is of no concern. Soon the Rebellion will be crushed and young 
Skywalker will be one of us! Your work here is finished, my friend. Go 
out to the command ship and await my orders.

VADER
Yes, my Master.

Vader bows, then turns and exits the throne room as the Emperor walks 
toward the waiting council members.

58   EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR - MOON

There is a great deal of Imperial traffic in the area as construction 
proceeds on the Death Star. Transports, TIE fighters, and a few Star 
Destroyers move about. Now the huge Super Star Destroyer announces 
itself with a low roar and soon fills the frame.

59   INT STOLEN IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT

Han looks back at Luke and Leia as Chewie flips several switches. 
Through the viewscreen, the Death Star and the huge Super Star 
Destroyer can be seen.

HAN
If they don't go for this, we're gonna have to get outta here pretty 
quick, Chewie.

Chewie growls his agreement.

CONTROLLER	 (over radio)
We have you on our screen now. Please identify.

HAN
Shuttle Tydirium requesting deactivation of the deflector shield.

CONTROLLER	 (over radio)
Shuttle Tydirium, transmit the clearance code for shield passage.

HAN
Transmission commencing.

Leia and Chewbacca listen tensely as the sound of a high speed 
transmission begins.

LEIA
Now we find out if that code is worth the price we paid.

HAN
It'll work. It'll work.

Chewie whines nervously. Luke stares at the Huge Super Star Destroyer 
that looms ever larger before them.

LUKE
Vader's on that ship.

HAN
Now don't get jittery, Luke. There are a lot of command ships. Keep 
your distance though, Chewie, but don't look like you're trying to keep 
your distance.

Chewie barks a question.

HAN
I don't know.  Fly casual.

LUKE
I'm endangering the mission. I shouldn't have come.

HAN
It's your imagination, kid. Come on. Let's keep a little optimism here.

Chewie barks his worries as the Super Star Destroyer grows larger out 
the window.

60   INT VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

Lord Vader stands, back to us, staring out a window at the Death Star. 
Now, some vibration felt only by him causes him to turn. After a moment 
of stillness, he walks down the row of controllers to where ADMIRAL 
PIETT is leaning over the tracking screen of the controller we've seen 
earlier. Piett straightens at Vader's approach.

VADER
Where is that shuttle going?

PIETT	 (into comlink)
Shuttle Tydirium, what is your cargo and destination?

PILOT VOICE    (HAN)   (filtered)
Parts and technical crew for the forest moon.

The Bridge Commander looks to Vader for a reaction.

VADER
Do they have a code clearance?

PIETT
It's an older code, sir, but it checks out. I was about to clear them.

Vader looks upward, as he senses Luke's presence.

PIETT
Shall I hold them?

VADER
No. Leave them to me. I will deal with them myself.

PIETT	 (surprised)
As you wish, my lord.
(to controller)
Carry on.

Piett nods at controller, who switches on his comlink.

61   INT STOLEN IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - COCKPIT

The group waits tensely.

HAN
They're not goin' for it, Chewie.

CONTROLLER	 (filtered)
Shuttle Tydirium, deactivation of the shield will commence immediately. 
Follow your
present course.

Everyone breaths a sigh of relief. Everyone but Luke, who looks 
worried. Chewie barks.

HAN
Okay! I told you it was gonna work. No problem.

62   EXT SPACE - STOLEN IMPERIAL SHUTTLE - ENDOR

The stolen Imperial shuttle moves off toward the green Sanctuary Moon.

63   EXT FOREST LANDING SITE - ENDOR

The stolen Imperial shuttle sits in a clearing of the moon's dark, 
primeval forest, dwarfed by the ancient towering trees.

On an adjacent hill, the helmeted Rebel contingent makes its way up a 
steep trail. Leia and Han are slightly ahead of Chewie and Luke. The 
troops of the strike-team squad follow, with Artoo and Threepio 
bringing up the rear. Artoo beeps.

Up ahead, Chewie and Leia reach a crest in the hill and drop suddenly 
to the ground, signaling the rest of the group to stop. Han and Luke 
crawl up to take a look.

THREEPIO
Oh, I told you it was dangerous here.

THEIR POV. Not far below them, two IMPERIAL SCOUTS are wandering 
through bushes in the valley below. Their two ROCKET BIKES are parked 
nearby.

LEIA
Shall we try and go around?

HAN
It'll take time. This whole party'll be for nothing if they see us.

Leia motions for the squad to stay put, then she, Han, Luke and Chewie 
start quietly down.

64   EXT FOREST CLEARING - CAMPSITE

The four friends make their way to the edge of the clearing not far 
from the two Imperial scouts.

HAN
Chewie and I will take care of this. You stay here.

LUKE
Quietly, there might be more of them out there.

HAN	 (grins)
Hey... it's me.

Han and Chewie turn and start through the bushes toward the scouts. 
Luke and Leia exchange smiles.

Han sneaks up behind one of the scouts, steps on a twig and the scout 
whirls, knocking Han into a tree. The scout shouts for his companion.

SCOUT #1
Go for help! Go!

The second scout jumps on his speeder bike and takes off, but Chewie 
gets off a shot on his crossbow laser weapon, causing the scout to 
crash into a tree. Han and Scout #1 are in a rousing fistfight.

LUKE	 (sarcastic)
Great. Come on.

Luke starts for the scuffle, followed by Leia with her laser pistol 
drawn. As they run through the bushes, Leia stops and points to where 
two more scouts are sitting on their speeder bikes, with an unoccupied 
bike parked nearby.

LEIA
Over there! Two more of them!

LUKE
I see them. Wait, Leia!

But Leia doesn't hear him and races for the remaining speeder bike. She 
starts it up and takes off as Luke jumps on the bike behind her.

LUKE	 (pointing to the controls)
Quick! Jam their comlink. Center switch!

Luke and Leia speed into the dense foliage in hot pursuit, barely 
avoiding two huge trees.

HAN
Hey, wait! Ahhh!

He flips the remaining scout to the ground.

65   EXT FOREST - THE BIKE CHASE

The two fleeing Imperial scouts have a good lead as Luke and Leia 
pursue through the giant trees at 200 miles an hour, the fire from 
their bike's laser cannon hitting harmlessly near the moving targets.

LUKE
Move closer!

Leia guns it, closing the gap, as the two scouts recklessly veer 
through a narrow gap in the trees. One of the bikes SCRAPES a tree, 
slowing the scout.

LUKE
Get alongside that one!

Leia pulls her speeder bike up so close to the scout's bike that their 
steering vanes SCRAPE noisily. Luke leaps from his bike to the back of 
the scout's, grabs the Imperial warrior around the neck, and flips him 
off the bike, into a thick tree trunk. Luke gains control of the bike 
and follows Leia, who has pulled ahead. They tear off after the 
remaining scout.

LUKE
Get him!

The speeding chase passes TWO MORE IMPERIAL SCOUTS. These two swing 
into pursuit, chasing Luke and Leia, firing away with their laser 
cannon. The two Rebels look behind them just as Luke's bike takes a 
glancing hit.

LUKE	 (indicating the one ahead)
Keep on that one! I'll take these two!

With Leia shooting ahead, Luke suddenly slams his steering vanes into 
the braking mode. Luke's bike is a blur to the two pursuing scouts as 
they zip by him on either side. Luke slams his bike into forward and 
starts firing away, having switched places with his pursuers in a 
manner of seconds. Luke's aim is good and one scout's bike is blasted 
out of control. It explodes against a tree trunk.

The scout's cohort takes one glance back at the flash and shifts into 
turbo drive, going even faster. Luke keeps on his tail.

FAR AHEAD, Leia and the first scout are doing a highspeed slalom 
through the death-dealing trunks. Now Leia aims her bike skyward and 
rises out of sight.

The scout turns in confusion, unable to see his pursuer. Suddenly, Leia 
dives down upon him from above, cannon blasting. The scout's bike takes 
a glancing hit.

Leia moves in alongside him. The scout eyes her beside him, reaches 
down, and pulls out a handgun. Before Leia can react, the scout has 
blasted her bike, sending it out of control. Leia dives off as her bike 
explodes against a tree. The happy scout looks back at the explosion. 
But when he turns forward again, he is on a collision course with a 
giant fallen tree. He hits his brakes to no avail and disappears in a 
conflagration.

ANOTHER PART OF THE FOREST: Luke and the last remaining scout continue 
their weaving chase through the trees. Now Luke moves up close. The 
scout responds by slamming his bike into Luke's. A fallen tree forms a 
bridge across their path. The scout zips under. Luke goes over the top 
and crashes his bike down on the scout's. Both riders look ahead - a 
wide trunk looms directly in Luke's path, but the scout's bike beside 
him makes it almost impossible for him to avoid it. Luke banks with all 
his might, leaning almost horizontal over the scout's bike, and is able 
to make it by, just clipping the tree. When he straightens, he and the 
scout discover that their two bikes have locked front vanes and are 
moving as one.

Another big tree looms in Luke's path. He reacts instinctively and 
dives off his bike. The two bikes come apart a second before Luke's 
explodes against a tree. The scout sweeps out and circles back to find 
Luke.

Luke rises from the undergrowth as the scout bears down on him and 
opens fire with his laser cannon. Luke ignites his laser sword and 
begins deflecting the bolts. The scout's bike keeps coming and it 
appears that in a second it will cut Luke in half. At the last instant, 
Luke steps aside and chops off the bike's control vanes with one mighty 
slash. The scout's bike begins to shudder, then, pitching and rolling, 
it rises up to slam directly into a tree in a giant ball of fire.

66   EXT SCOUT CAMPSITE - FOREST

Han, Chewie, and the droids, along with the rest of the squad, wait 
anxiously in the clearing. Artoo's radar screen sticks out of his domed 
head and revolves, scanning the forest. He beeps.

THREEPIO
Oh, General Solo, somebody's coming. Oh!

Han, Chewie, and the rest of the squad raise their weapons.

Luke steps out of the foliage to find the weapons trained on him. He's 
too tired to care. He plops himself down on a boulder and looks around.

HAN
Luke! Where's Leia?

LUKE	 (concerned)
What? She didn't come back?

HAN
I thought she was with you.

LUKE
We got separated.

Luke and Han exchange a silent, grim look. Luke gets up wearily.

LUKE
Hey, we better go look for her.

Han nods, and signals to a Rebel officer.

HAN
Take the squad ahead.  We'll meet at the shield generator at 0300.

LUKE
Come on, Artoo.  We'll need your scanners.

Luke, Chewie, Han, and the droids move off in one direction as the 
squad proceeds in another.

THREEPIO
Don't worry, Master Luke.  We know what to do.

They move off into the woods.

THREEPIO	 (to Artoo)
And you said it was pretty here. Ugh!

67   EXT FOREST CLEARING - LEIA'S CRASH SITE

A strange little furry face with huge black eyes comes slowly into 
view. The creature is an EWOK, by the name of WICKET. He seems somewhat 
puzzled, and prods Leia with a spear. The princess groans; this 
frightens the stubby ball of fuzz and he prods her again. Leia sits up 
and stares at the three-foot-high Ewok. She tries to figure out where 
she is and what has happened. Her clothes are torn; she's bruised and 
disheveled.

The Ewok jumps up and grabs a four-foot-long spear, which he holds in a 
defensive position. Leia watches him as he circles warily and begins 
poking her with the sharp point of the spear.

LEIA
Cut it out!

She stands up, and the Ewok quickly backs away.

LEIA
I'm not gonna hurt you.

Leia looks around at the dense forest, and at the charred remains of 
her speeder bike, then sits down, with a sigh, on a fallen log.

LEIA
Well, looks like I'm stuck here. Trouble is, I don't know where here 
is.

She puts her head in her hands to rub away some of the soreness from 
her fall. She looks over at the watchful little Ewok and pats the log 
beside her.

LEIA
Well, maybe you can help me. Come on, sit down.

Wicket holds his spear up warily and growls at her like a puppy. Leia 
pats the log again.

LEIA
I promise I won't hurt you. Now come here.

More growls and squeaks from the little bear creature.

LEIA
All right. You want something to eat?

She takes a scrap of food out of her pocket and offers it to him. 
Wicket takes a step backward, then cocks his head and moves cautiously 
toward Leia, chattering in his squeaky Ewok language.

LEIA
That's right. Come on. Hmmm?

Sniffing the food curiously, the Ewok comes toward Leia and sits on the 
log beside her. She takes off her helmet, and the little creature jumps 
back, startled again. He runs along the log, pointing his spear at her 
and chattering a blue streak. Leia holds out the helmet to him.

LEIA
Look, it's a hat. It's not gonna hurt you. Look. You're a jittery 
little thing, aren't you?

Reassured, Wicket lowers his spear and climbs back on the log, coming 
to investigate the helmet. Suddenly his ears perk up and he begins to 
sniff the air. He looks around warily, whispering some Ewokese warning 
to Leia.

LEIA
What is it?

Suddenly a laser bolt comes out of the foliage and explodes on the log 
next to Leia. Leia and Wicket both roll backwards off the log, hiding 
behind it. Leia holds her own laser gun ready, while Wicket disappears 
underneath the log. Another shot, and still no sight of anyone in the 
forest. Then Leia senses something and turns to find a large IMPERIAL 
SCOUT standing over her with his weapon pointed at her head. He reaches 
out his hand for her weapon.

SCOUT #l
Freeze!  Come on, get up!

She hands the weapon over, as a second scout emerges from the foliage 
in front of the log.

SCOUT #1
Go get your ride and take her back to base.

SCOUT #2
Yes, sir.

The second scout starts toward his bike, as Wicket, crouched under the 
log, extends his spear and hits the first scout on the leg. The scout 
jumps and lets out an exclamation, and looks down at Wicket, puzzled. 
Leia grabs a branch and knocks him out. She dives for his laser pistol, 
and the second scout, now on his bike, takes off. Leia fires away and 
hits the escaping bike, causing it to crash into the first scout's 
bike, which flies end over end and explodes. The forest is quiet once 
more. Wicket pokes his fuzzy head up from behind the log and regards 
Leia withnew respect. He mumbles his awe. Leia hurries over, looking 
around all the time, and motions the chubby little creature into the 
dense foliage.

LEIA
Come on, let's get outta here.

As they move into the foliage, Wicket takes the lead. He shrieks and 
tugs at Leia to follow him.

68   INT DEATH STAR - CORRIDOR TO EMPEROR'S TOWER

Darth Vader walks down the corridor to the Emperor's Tower and private 
elevator. The Emperor's private guard steps in Vader's path.

GUARD
Halt! The Emperor does not wish to be disturbed at the moment.

VADER        
(raising his gloved hand to the two guards and choking them with the 
Force)
The Emperor will see me, now!

GUARD
(repeating Vader's command)
The Emperor will see you, now.

69   INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM

Two red Imperial Guards stand watch at the elevator as the door opens 
to reveal Vader. Vader enters the eerie, foreboding throne room. It 
appears to be empty. His footsteps echo as he approaches the throne. He 
waits, absolutely still. The Emperor sits with his back to the Dark 
Lord.

EMPEROR
I told you to remain on the command ship.

VADER
A small Rebel force has penetrated the shield and landed on Endor.

EMPEROR	 (no surprise)
Yes, I know.

VADER	 (after a beat)
My son is with them.

EMPEROR	 (very cool)
Are you sure?

VADER
I have felt him, my Master.

EMPEROR
Strange, that I have not. I wonder if your feelings on this matter are 
clear, Lord
Vader.

Vader knows what is being asked.

VADER
They are clear, my Master.

EMPEROR
Then you must go to the Sanctuary Moon and wait for them.

VADER	 (skeptical)
He will come to me?

EMPEROR
I have foreseen it. His compassion for you will be his undoing. He will 
come to you and
then you will bring him before me.

VADER	 (bows)
As you wish.

The Dark Lord strides out of the throne room.

70   EXT FOREST CLEARING - LEIA'S CRASH SITE

Han, Luke, Chewie, and the two droids are spread out as they move 
through the heavy foliage near the clearing where we last saw Leia. 
Luke finds Leia's helmet, picks it up with an expression of concern.

HAN	 (OS)
Luke! Luke!

Luke runs with the helmet to where Han has found the charred wreckage 
of a speeder bike in the grass.

THREEPIO
Oh, Master Luke.

LUKE
There's two more wrecked speeders back there. And I found this.

He tosses the helmet to Han.

THREEPIO
I'm afraid that Artoo's sensors can find no trace of Princess Leia.

HAN	 (gravely)
I hope she's alright.

Chewbacca growls, sniffing the air, then, with a bark, pushes off 
through the foliage.

                              HAN
What, Chewie? What? Chewie!

The others rush to keep up with the giant Wookiee. As he scoots along, 
Artoo whistles nervously.

71   EXT FOREST - DENSE FOLIAGE

The group has reached a break in the undergrowth. Chewie walks up to a 
tall stake planted in the ground. There is a dead animal hanging from 
it.

HAN
Hey, I don't get it.

The rest of the group joins the Wookiee around the stake.

HAN	 (cont)
Nah, it's just a dead animal, Chewie.

Chewie can't resist. He reaches toward the meat.

LUKE
Chewie, wa-wait!  Don't!

Too late. The Wookiee has already pulled the animal from the stake. 
SPROOING! The group finds itself hanging upside down in an Ewok net, 
suspended high above the clearing. Artoo lets out a wild series of 
beeps and whistles, and Chewie howls his regret. Their bodies are a 
jumble in the net. Han removes a Wookiee paw from his mouth.

HAN
Nice work. Great, Chewie! Great! Always thinking with your stomach.

LUKE
Will you take it easy? Let's just figure out a way to get out of this 
thing. 
(trying to free an arm) 
Han, can you reach my lightsaber?

HAN
Yeah, sure.

Artoo is at the bottommost point in the net. He extends his cutting 
appendage and begins slicing at the net. Han is trying to squeeze an 
arm past Threepio to get at Luke's lightsaber. The net continues to 
spin.

THREEPIO
Artoo, I'm not sure that's such a good idea. It's a very long dro-o-
op!!

Artoo has cut through and the entire group tumbles out of the net, 
crashing to the ground. As they regain their senses and sit up, they 
realize they are surrounded by dozens of Ewoks, each brandishing a long 
spear.

HAN
Wha--?  Hey!  Point that thing someplace else.

Han pushes the spear wielded by TEEBO out of his face and a second Ewok 
warrior comes up to argue with Teebo. The spear returns to Han's face. 
He grabs it angrily and starts to go for his laser pistol.

HAN
Hey!

LUKE
Han, don't. It'll be all right.

The Ewoks swarm through them and confiscate their weapons. Luke lets 
them take his lightsaber. Chewie growls at the furry critters.

LUKE
Chewie, give 'em your crossbow.

Artoo and Threepio are just untangling themselves. Threepio gets free 
of the net and sits up, rattled.

THREEPIO
Oh, my head. Oh, my goodness!

When the Ewoks see Threepio, they let out a gasp and chatter among 
themselves. Threepio speaks to them in their native tongue. The Ewok 
nearest him drops his spear and prostrates himself before the droid. In 
a moment, all the Ewoks have followed suit. Chewie lets out a puzzled 
bark. Han and Luke regard the bowed creatures in wonder. The Ewoks 
begin to chant at Threepio.

LUKE
Do you understand anything they're saying?

THREEPIO
Oh, yes, Master Luke!  Remember that I am fluent in over six million 
forms of
communication.

HAN
What are you telling them?

THREEPIO
Hello, I think... I could be mistaken. They're using a very primitive 
dialect.  But
I do believe they think I am some sort of god.

Chewbacca and Artoo think that's very funny. Han and Luke exchange 
"what next?" looks.

HAN
Well, why don't you use your divine influence and get us out of this?

THREEPIO
I beg your pardon, General Solo, but that just wouldn't be proper.

HAN
Proper?!

THREEPIO
It's against my programming to impersonate a deity.

Han moves toward Threepio threateningly.

HAN
Why, you--

Several Ewoks' spears are thrust in Han's face at the affront to their 
god. The Ewoks move in to protect their god and Han is surrounded by a 
menacing circle of spears, all aimed at him. He holds up his hands 
placatingly.

HAN
My mistake. He's an old friend of mine.

72   EXT FOREST - SERIES OF SHOTS

A procession of Ewoks winds through the ever-darkening forest. Their 
prisoners - Han, Luke, Chewie, and Artoo - are tied to long poles and 
wrapped in vines, cocoonlike.

Each pole is carried on the shoulders of several Ewoks. Behind the 
captives, Threepio is carried on a litter, like a king, by the 
remaining creatures.

73   EXT FOREST WALKWAY - MOON FOREST

The procession moves along a shaky, narrow, wooden walkway, high in the 
giant trees. It stops at the end of the walkway, which drops off into 
nothingness. On the other side of the abyss is a village of mud huts 
and rickety walkways, attached to the giant trees. The lead Ewok takes 
hold of a long vine and swings across to the village square; the other 
Ewoks follow suit.

74   EXT EWOK VILLAGE SQUARE

The procession winds its way into the village square. Mother Ewoks 
gather their babies up and scurry into their huts at the sight of the 
newcomers. The group stops before the largest hut.

Han, Luke, Chewie, and Artoo are still bound to their poles. Han is 
placed on a spit above what looks like a barbecue pit and the others 
are leaned against a tree nearby. Threepio's litter/throne is gently 
placed near the pit. He watches with rapt fascination. Han, Luke, and 
Chewie are less than fascinated.

HAN
I have a really bad feeling about this.

Chewie growls his concern.

Suddenly all activity stops as LOGRAY, the tribal Medicine Man, comes 
out of the big hut. He examines the captives carefully, goes to join 
Threepio, whose throne has been placed on an elevated platform. A 
larger, gray-haired Ewok, CHIEF CHIRPA, is examining Luke's lightsaber 
with great curiosity.

Logray speaks to Threepio and the assemblage of fuzzy Ewoks, pointing 
to the prisoners tied to the stakes. The Ewoks begin filling the pit 
under Han with firewood.

HAN
What did he say?

THREEPIO
I'm rather embarrassed, General Solo, but it appears you are to be the 
main course at a
banquet in my honor.

The drums start beating, and all the furry heads turn to the large hut. 
Leia emerges, wearing an animal-skin dress. She sees what's happening 
at the same moment the prisoners see her.

HAN and LUKE
Leia!

As she moves toward them, the Ewoks block her way with raised spears.

LEIA
Oh!

THREEPIO
Your Royal Highness.

Artoo and Chewie chime in with their welcome. Leia looks at the 
assembled Ewoks and sighs.

LEIA
But these are my friends. Threepio, tell them they must be set free.

Threepio talks to Chirpa and Logray, who listen and shake their heads 
negatively. The Medicine Man gestures toward the prisoners and barks 
some orders. Several Ewoks jump up and pile more wood on the barbecue 
with vigor. Leia trades frantic looks with Luke and Han .

HAN
Somehow, I got the feeling that didn't help us very much.

LUKE
Threepio, tell them if they don't do as you wish, you'll become angry 
and use your magic.

THREEPIO
But Master Luke, what magic? I couldn't possibly --

LUKE
Just tell them.

Threepio speaks to the Ewoks. The Ewoks are disturbed. Logray steps 
forward and challenges Threepio. Luke closes his eyes and begins to 
concentrate.

THREEPIO
You see, Master Luke; they didn't believe me. Just...

Now the litter/throne, with Threepio sitting upon it, rises from the 
ground. At first Threepio doesn't notice and keeps talking.

THREEPIO
... as I said they wouldn't. Wha-wha-what's happening! Oh! Oh, dear! 
Oh!

The Ewoks fall back in terror from the floating throne. Now Threepio 
begins to spin as though he were on a revolving stool, with Threepio 
calling out in total panic at his situation.

THREEPIO
Put me down! He-e-elp! Master Luke! Artoo! Somebody, somebody, help! 
Master Luke, Artoo! Artoo, quickly! Do something, somebody! Oh! Ohhh!

Chief Chirpa yells orders to the cowering Ewoks. They rush up and 
release the bound prisoners. Luke and Han enfold Leia in a group 
embrace. Luke notices the spinning Threepio, with Artoo beeping up at 
him, and slowly lowers the golden droid and the throne to the ground. 
Logray orders the little droid cut down. Artoo crashes to the ground. 
When the Ewoks set him upright, the little droid is fighting mad. Artoo 
beeps a blue streak at the nearest Ewok, and begins pursuing him, 
finally getting close enough to zap him with an electric charge. The 
Ewok jumps two feet in the air and runs away, screaming. A small group 
of Ewoks surround the giant Wookiee, scratching their heads and 
marveling at his height.

THREEPIO
Oh, oh, oh, oh! Thank goodness.

LUKE
Thanks, Threepio.

THREEPIO	 (still shaken)
I...I never knew I had it in me.

75   INT CHIEF'S HUT - COUNCIL OF ELDERS

A glowing fire dances in the center of the spartan, low-ceilinged room, 
creating a kaleidoscope of shadows on the walls. Along one side, a 
group of ten Ewok elders flank Chief Chirpa, who sits on his throne. 
The Rebels sit along the walls of the hut, with Threepio between the 
two groups and Wicket and Teebo off to one side.

Threepio is in the midst of a long, animated speech in the Ewok's 
squeaky native tongue. The Ewoks listen carefully and occasionally 
murmur comments to each other. Threepio points several times at the 
Rebel group and pantomimes a short history of the Galactic Civil War, 
mimicking the explosion and rocket sounds, imitating Imperial walkers. 
Throughout the long account, certain familiar names are distinguishable 
in English: Princess Leia, Artoo, Darth Vader, Death Star, Jedi, Obi-
Wan Kenobi. Artoo begins beeping excitedly at Threepio.

THREEPIO
Yes, Artoo. I was just coming to that.

Threepio continues with: Millennium Falcon, Cloud City, Vader, Han 
Solo, carbonite, Sarlacc, bringing the history up to the present time.

At the end of it, the Chief, Logray, and the elders confer, then nod in 
agreement. The Chief stands and makes a pronouncement.

The drums begin to sound, and all the Ewoks stand with a great cheer 
and screeches.

HAN
What's going on?

LEIA
I don't know.

Luke has been sharing the joy with smiling visage, but now something 
passes like a dark cloud through his consciousness. The others do not 
notice.

THREEPIO
Wonderful! We are now a part of the tribe.

Several of the little teddy bears run up and hug the Rebels.

HAN
Just what I always wanted.

Chewbacca is being enthusiastically embraced by an Ewok, while Wicket 
clings to Han's leg.

HAN	 (chuckles)
Well, short help is better than no help at all, Chewie. 
(to Wicket) 
Thank you. Okay.

THREEPIO
He says the scouts are going to show us the quickest way to the shield 
generator.

Chewie barks. Luke has drifted to the back of the hut. Now he wanders 
outside into the moonlight. Leia notices and follows.

HAN
Good. How far is it? Ask him. We need some fresh supplies, too. And try 
and get our weapons back.

Han pulls Threepio back as he keeps trying to translate.

HAN	 (cont)
And hurry up, will ya? I haven't got all day.

76   EXT EWOK VILLAGE - NIGHT

The walkway is deserted now. The windows of the little huts glow and 
flicker from the fires inside. The sounds of the forest fill the soft 
night air. Luke has wandered away from the Chief's hut and stands 
staring up at the Death Star. Leia finds him like that.

LEIA
Luke, what's wrong?

Luke turns and looks at her a long moment.

LUKE
Leia... do you remember your mother? Your real mother?

LEIA
Just a little bit. She died when I was very young.

LUKE
What do you remember?

LEIA
Just...images, really. Feelings.

LUKE
Tell me.

LEIA
(a little surprised at his insistence)
She was very beautiful. Kind, but...sad.
(looks up)
Why are you asking me all this?

He looks away.

LUKE
I have no memory of my mother. I never knew her.

LEIA
Luke, tell me. What's troubling you?

LUKE
Vader is here...now, on this moon.

LEIA	 (alarmed)
How do you know?

LUKE
I felt his presence. He's come for me. He can feel when I'm near. 
That's why I have to go.
(facing her)
As long as I stay, I'm endangering the group and our mission here.
(beat)
I have to face him.

Leia is distraught, confused.

LEIA
Why?

Luke moves close and his manner is gentle. And very calm.

LUKE
He's my father.

LEIA
Your father?

LUKE
There's more. It won't be easy for you to hear it, but you must. If I 
don't make it back, you're the only hope for the Alliance.

Leia is very disturbed by this. She moves away, as if to deny it.

LEIA
Luke, don't talk that way. You have a power I--I don't understand and 
could never have.

LUKE
You're wrong, Leia. You have that power too. In time you'll learn to 
use it as I have. The Force is strong in my family. My father has 
it...I have it...and...my sister has it.

Leia stares into his eyes. What she sees there frightens her. But she 
doesn't draw away. She begins to understand.

LUKE
Yes. It's you Leia.

LEIA
I know. Somehow...I've always known.

LUKE
Then you know why I have to face him.

LEIA
No! Luke, run away, far away. If he can feel your presence, then leave 
this place. I wish I could go with you.

LUKE
No, you don't. You've always been strong.

LEIA
But, why must you confront him?

LUKE
Because...there is good in him. I've felt it. He won't turn me over to 
the Emperor. I can save him. I can turn him back to the good side. I 
have to try.

They hold each other close and look at each other, brother and sister.

Leia holds back her tears as Luke slowly lets her go and moves away. He 
disappears onto the walkway that leads out of the village. Leia, bathed 
in moonlight, watches him go as Han comes out of the Chief's hut and 
comes over to her. Leia is crying, her body trembling. He realizes only 
now that she is crying.

HAN
Hey, what's goin' on?

Leia attempts to stifle her sobs and wipes her eyes.

LEIA
Nothing. I - just want to be alone for a little while.

HAN	 (angry)
Nothing?  Come on, tell me.  What's goin' on?

She looks up at him, struggling to control herself.

LEIA
I...I can't tell you.

HAN	 (loses his temper)
Did you tell Luke? Is that who you could tell?

LEIA
I...

HAN
Ahhh...

He starts to walk away, exasperated, then stops and walks back to her.

HAN
I'm sorry.

LEIA
Hold me.

Han gathers her tightly in his protective embrace.

77   EXT FOREST - IMPERIAL LANDING PLATFORM

An Imperial shuttle floats down from the Death Star and lands 
gracefully on the huge platform.

Now, an Imperial walker approaches the platform from the darkness of 
the forest. The whole outpost - platform, walkers, military - looks 
particularly offensive in the midst of this verdant beauty.

78   EXT IMPERIAL LANDING PLATFORM - LOWER DECK

Darth Vader walks down the ramp of the shuttle onto the platform, into 
an elevator, and appears on a ramp on a lower level. He walks toward 
another ramp exit and is met by two troopers and a commander with Luke, 
in binders, at their center. The young Jedi gazes at Vader with 
complete calm.

COMMANDER
This is a Rebel that surrendered to us. Although he denies it, I 
believe there may be more of them, and I request permission to conduct 
a further search of the area.

The commander extends his hand, revealing Luke's lightsaber.

COMMANDER
He was armed only with this.

Vader looks at Luke, turns away and faces the commander, taking the 
lightsaber from the commander's hand.

VADER
Good work, Commander. Leave us. Conduct your search and bring his 
companions to me.

COMMANDER
Yes, my Lord.

The officer and troops withdraw. Vader and Luke are left standing alone 
in the oddly tranquil beauty of the place. The sounds of the forest 
filter in upon them.

VADER
The Emperor has been expecting you.

LUKE
I know, father.

VADER
So, you have accepted the truth.

LURE
I've accepted the truth that you were once Anakin Skywalker, my father.

VADER	 (turning to face him)
That name no longer has any meaning for me.

LUKE
It is the name of your true self. You've only forgotten. I know there 
is good in you. The Emperor hasn't driven it from you fully. That is 
why you couldn't destroy me. That's why you won't bring me to your 
Emperor now.

Vader looks down from Luke to the lightsaber in his own black- gloved 
hand. He seems to ponder Luke's words.

VADER	 (indicating lightsaber)
I see you have constructed a new lightsaber.

Vader ignites the lightsaber and holds it to examine its humming, 
brilliant blade.

VADER
Your skills are complete. Indeed, you are powerful, as the Emperor has 
foreseen.

They stand for a moment, the Vader extinguishes the lightsaber.

LUKE
Come with me.

VADER
Obi-Wan once thought as you do.

Luke steps close to Vader, then stops. Vader is still.

VADER
You don't know the power of the dark side. I must obey my master.

LUKE
I will not turn...and you'll be forced to kill me.

VADER
If that is your destiny.

LUKE
Search your feelings, father. You can't do this. I feel the conflict 
within you. Let go
of your hate.

VADER
It is too late for me, son. The Emperor will show you the true nature 
of the Force. He is
your master now.

Vader signals to some distant stormtroopers. He and Luke stand staring 
at one another for a long moment.

LUKE
Then my father is truly dead.

79   EXT ENDOR - RIDGE OVERLOOKING SHIELD GENERATOR

Han, Leia, Chewbacca, the droids, Wicket, and another Ewok scout, 
PAPLOO, hide on a ridge overlooking the massive Imperial shield 
generator. At the base of the generator is an Imperial landing 
platform. Leia studies the installation.

LEIA
The main entrance to the control bunker's on the far side of that 
landing platform. This
isn't gonna be easy.

HAN
Hey, don't worry. Chewie and me got into a lot of places more heavily 
guarded than this.

Wicket and Paploo are chattering away in Ewok language. They speak to 
Threepio.

LEIA
What's he saying?

THREEPIO
He says there's a secret entrance on the other side of the ridge.

80   EXT SPACE - REBEL FLEET

The vast fleet hangs in space near a blue planet. A giant Rebel Star 
Cruiser is up at the front, but now the Millennium Flacon roars up to a 
spot ahead of it, tiny in comparison.

81   INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando is in the pilot seat. His alien copilot, NIEN NUNB, takes some 
getting used to in the familiar environs of the Falcon's cockpit. Lando 
speaks into his comlink.

LANDO
Admiral, we're in position. All fighters accounted for.

ACKBAR 	(VO)
Proceed with the countdown. All groups assume attack coordinates.

Lando turns to his weird copilot.

LANDO
Don't worry, my friends are down there. They'll have that shield down 
on time...
(to himself) 
or this'll be the shortest offensive of all time.

The copilot flips some switches and grunts an alien comment.

ACKBAR	 (VO)
All craft, prepare to jump to hyperspace on my mark.

LANDO
All right. Stand by.

He pulls a lever, and the stars outside begin to streak.

82   EXT SPACE - REBEL FLEET

We are treated to an awesome sight: first the Millennium Falcon, then 
Ackbar's Star Cruiser, then, in large segments, the huge fleet ROARS 
INTO HYPERSPACE. And disappears.

83   EXT ENDOR - RIDGE OVERLOOKING CONTROL BUNKER

Han, Leia, Chewie, the droids, and their two Ewok guides, Wicket and 
Paploo, have reunited with the Rebel strike squad. The entire group is 
spread through the thick undergrowth. Below them is the BUNKER that 
leads into the generator. Four Imperial scouts, their speeder bikes 
parked nearby, keep watch over the bunker entrance. Chewie growls an 
observation, and Paploo chatters away to Han in Ewok language.

HAN
Back door, huh? Good idea.

Wicket and Paploo continue their Ewok conversation.

HAN	 (cont)
It's only a few guards. This shouldn't be too much trouble.

LEIA
Well, it only takes one to sound the alarm.

HAN	 (with self-confident grin)
Then we'll do it real quiet-like.

Threepio explains what is going on to Wicket and Paploo. The Ewoks 
chatter a moment between themselves. Then Paploo jumps up and scampers 
into the underbrush.

Threepio asks Wicket where Paploo went and is given a short reply.

THREEPIO
Oh! Oh, my. Uh, Princess Leia!

LEIA
Quiet.

THREEPIO
I'm afraid our furry companion has gone and done something rather rash.

LEIA
Oh, no.

84   EXT BUNKER - ENTRANCE

Paploo has slipped out of the undergrowth near where the Imperial 
scouts are lounging. He silently swings his furry ball of a body onto 
one of the scout's speeder bikes and begins flipping switches at 
random. Suddenly, the bike's engine fires up with a tremendous ROAR. 
Paploo grins and continues flipping switches. The scouts leap up in 
surprise.

85   EXT RIDGE

Han, Leia and company watch in distress. Chewie barks.

HAN 	(sighs)
There goes our surprise attack.

86   EXT BUNKER

The Imperial scouts race toward Paploo just as his speeder zooms into 
motion. Paploo hangs on by his paws and shoots away into the forest.

SCOUT
Look! Over there! Stop him!

Three of the Imperial scouts jump on their rocket bikes and speed away 
in pursuit. The fourth watches them go from his post at the door.

87   EXT RIDGE

Han, Leia, and Chewie exchange delighted looks.

HAN
Not bad for a little furball. There's only one left. You stay here. 
We'll take care of this.

Han and the Wookiee nod at each other and slip down toward the bunker. 
Threepio moves to stand next to Wicket and Artoo.

THREEPIO
I have decided that we shall stay here.

88   EXT FOREST

Paploo sails through the trees, more lucky than in control. It's scary, 
but he loves it. When the Imperial scouts pull within sight behind him 
and begin firing laser bolts, he decides he's had enough. As he rounds 
a tree, out of their sight, Paploo grabs a vine and swings up into the 
trees. A moment later, the scouts tear under him in pursuit of the 
still-flying, unoccupied bike.

89   EXT BUNKER

Han sneaks up behind the remaining Imperial scout, taps him on the 
shoulder and lets the scout chase him behind the bunker into the arms 
of the waiting Rebel strike team. Han returns to the front, and taps 
out a pattern on the bunker door's control panel. Everyone stands out 
of sight, police-style, as the door opens. Han and Leia peek inside. No 
sign of life. The group enters the bunker silently, leaving one lookout 
behind.

90   INT DEATH STAR - EMPEROR'S THRONE ROOM

The elevator opens. Vader and Luke enter the room alone. They walk 
across the dark space to stand before the throne, father and son side 
by side beneath the gaze of the Emperor. Vader bows to his Master.

EMPEROR
Welcome, young Skywalker. I have been expecting you.

Luke peers at the hooded figure defiantly. The Emperor then looks down 
at Luke's binders.

EMPEROR
You no longer need those.

The Emperor motions ever so slightly with his finger and Luke's binders 
fall away, clattering to the floor. Luke looks down at his own hands, 
free now to reach out and grab the Emperor's neck. He does nothing.

EMPEROR
Guards, leave us.

The red-cloaked guards turn and disappear behind the elevator.

EMPEROR	 (to Luke)
I'm looking forward to completing your training. In time you will call 
me Master.

LUKE
You're gravely mistaken. You won't convert me as you did my father.

The Emperor gets down from his throne and walks up very close to Luke. 
The Emperor looks into his eyes and, for the first time, Luke can 
perceive the evil visage within the hood.

EMPEROR
Oh, no, my young Jedi. You will find that it is you who are 
mistaken...about a great many things.

VADER
His lightsaber.

Vader extends a gloved hand toward the Emperor, revealing Luke's 
lightsaber. The Emperor takes it.

EMPEROR
Ah, yes, a Jedi's weapon. Much like your father's. By now you must know 
your father can never be turned from the dark side. So will it be with 
you.

LUKE
You're wrong. Soon I'll be dead...and you with me.

The Emperor laughs.

EMPEROR
Perhaps you refer to the imminent attack of your Rebel fleet.

Luke looks up sharply.

EMPEROR
Yes...I assure you we are quite safe from your friends here.

Vader looks at Luke.

LUKE
Your overconfidence is your weakness.

EMPEROR
Your faith in your friends is yours.

VADER
It is pointless to resist, my son.

The Emperor turns to face Luke.

EMPEROR	 (angry)
Everything that has transpired has done so according to my design. 
(indicates Endor)
Your friends up there on the Sanctuary Moon...

Luke reacts. The Emperor notes it.

EMPEROR	 (cont)
...are walking into a trap. As is your Rebel fleet! It was I who 
allowed the Alliance to know the location of the shield generator. It 
is quite safe from your pitiful little band. An entire legion of my 
best troops awaits them.

Luke's look darts from the Emperor to Vader and, finally, to the sword 
in the Emperor's hand.

EMPEROR
Oh...I'm afraid the deflector shield will be quite operational when 
your friends arrive.

91   INT BUNKER - MAIN CONTROL ROOM

Han, Leia, Chewie, and the Rebel strike team storm through a door and 
enter the main control room, taking all of the personnel prisoner.

HAN
All right! Up! Move! Come on! Quickly! Quickly, Chewie.

The Rebel troops herd the generator controllers away from their panels. 
Leia glances at one of the screens on the control panel.

LEIA
Han! Hurry! The fleet will be here any moment.

HAN
Charges!  Come on, come on!

Outside, Threepio watches nervously in the bushes as several more 
controllers and stormtroopers run into the bunker, leaving guards at 
the door.

THREEPIO	 (to Wicket)
Oh, my! They'll be captured!

Wicket chatters in Ewok language, and then takes off full steam into 
the forest.

THREEPIO
Wa-wait! Wait, come back! Artoo, stay with me.

Inside the bunker, Han looks up from setting charges as an Imperial 
commander enters.

COMMANDER
Freeze! You Rebel scum.

Han and Leia spin, to find dozens of Imperial weapons trained on them 
and their cohorts. A poised force of Imperial troops surround them. 
Even more pour into the room, roughly disarming the Rebel contingent. 
Han, Leia, and Chewie exchange looks. They're helpless.

92   EXT SPACE - ENDOR, DEATH STAR, REBEL FLEET

The Death Star and its Sanctuary Moon hang distant in space as the 
Rebel fleet comes out of hyperspace with an awesome roar. The 
Millennium Falcon and several Rebel fighters are at the front as the 
space armada bears down on its target.

93   INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando flips switches, checks his screen, and speaks into the radio.

LANDO
All wings report in.

WEDGE
Red Leader standing by.

GRAY LEADER
Gray Leader standing by.

GREEN LEADER
Green Leader standing by.

WEDGE
Lock S-foils in attack positions.

94   INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

From the bridge of the Rebel Headquarters Frigate, Admiral Ackbar 
watches the fighters massing outside his viewscreen.

ACKBAR
May the Force be with us.

95   INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando looks worriedly at his alien copilot, Nien Nunb, who points to 
the control panel and talks to Lando.

LANDO
We've got to be able to get some kind of a reading on that shield, up 
or down. Well, how
could they be jamming us if they don't know if we're coming.

Lando shoots a concerned look out at the approaching Death Star as the 
implications of what he's just said sink in. He hits a switch on his 
comlink.

LANDO
Break off the attack! The shield is still up.

RED LEADER	 (VO)
I get no reading. Are you sure?

LANDO
Pull up! All craft pull up!

The Falcon turns hard to the left. Out the window the stars and the 
Death Star move off right.

96   EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR SHIELD

The Falcon and the fighters of Red Squad veer off desperately to avoid 
the unseen wall.

97   INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

Alarms are screaming and lights flashing as the huge ship changes 
course abruptly. Other ships in the fleet shoot by outside as the 
armada tries to halt its forward momentum.

ACKBAR
Take evasive action! Green Group, stick close to holding sector MV-7.

A Mon Calamari controller turns away from his screen and calls out to 
Ackbar, quite excited. The Admiral rushes over to the controller.

CONTROLLER
Admiral, we have enemy ships in sector 47.

On the screen can be seen the moon, Death Star, and the massive 
Imperial fleet. Ackbar moves to the comlink.

ACKBAR
It's a trap!

LANDO	 (over comlink)
Fighters coming in.

There is much excitement on the bridge as the attack begins.

The Millennium Falcon and several squads of Rebel fighters head into an 
armada of TIE fighters. The sky explodes as a fierce dogfight ensues in 
and around the giant Rebel cruisers.

REBEL PILOT
There's too many of them!

LANDO
Accelerate to attack speed! Draw their fire away from the cruisers.

WEDGE
Copy, Gold Leader.

The battle continues around the giant cruisers.

98   INT DEATH STAR - EMPEROR'S THRONE ROOM

Through the round window behind the Emperor's throne can be seen the 
distant flashes of the space battle in progress.

EMPEROR
Come, boy. See for yourself.

The Emperor is sitting in his throne, with Vader standing at his side. 
Luke moves to look through a small section of the window.

EMPEROR
From here you will witness the final destruction of the Alliance, and 
the end of your insignificant Rebellion.

Luke is in torment. He glances at his lightsaber sitting on the armrest 
of the throne. The Emperor watches him and smiles, touches the 
lightsaber.

EMPEROR
You want this, don't you? The hate is swelling in you now. Take your 
Jedi weapon. Use it. I am unarmed. Strike me down with it. Give in to 
your anger. With each passing moment, you make yourself more my 
servant.

Vader watches Luke in his agony.

LUKE
No!

EMPEROR
It is unavoidable. It is your destiny. You, like your father, are now 
mine!

99   EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER

Han, Leia, Chewie, and the rest of the strike team are led out of the 
bunker by their captors. The surrounding area, deserted before, is now 
crowded with two-legged Imperial walkers and hundreds of Imperial 
troops. The situation looks hopeless.

STORMTROOPER
All right, move it! I said move it! Go on!

From the undergrowth beyond the clearing comes a wild series of beeps 
and whistles. 
And --

THREEPIO
Hello! I say, over there! Were you looking for me?

BUNKER COMMANDER
Bring those two down here!

STORMTROOPER
Let's go!

Artoo and Threepio are standing near one of the big trees. As six 
Imperial stormtroopers rush over to take them captive, the two droids 
duck out of sight behind the tree.

THREEPIO
Well, they're on their way. Artoo, are you sure this was a good idea?

STORMTROOPER
Freeze! Don't move!

THREEPIO
We surrender.

The stormtroopers come around the tree and find the two droids waiting 
quietly to be taken. As the Imperial troops move to do that, however, a 
band of Ewoks drops down from above and overpowers them.

THREEPIO
Ohhh! Stand back, Artoo.

In a nearby tree, an Ewok raises a horn to his lips and sounds the EWOK 
ATTACK CALL. All hell breaks loose as hundreds of Ewoks throw their 
fuzzy bodies into the fray against the assembled stormtroopers and 
their awesome two-legged walkers. Biker scouts dart about blasting 
Ewoks, only to be crushed by a volley of rocks tossed by Ewoks from the 
trees above.

In the confusion of the battle, Han and Leia break away and dive for 
the cover of the bunker door as explosions erupt around them. Han goes 
to the bunker door control panel.

LEIA
The code's changed. We need Artoo!

HAN
Here's the terminal.

LEIA	 (into comlink)
Artoo, where are you? We need you at the bunker right away.

Artoo and Threepio are hiding behind a log as the battle ragesaround 
them. Suddenly the stubby little astrodroid lets out a series of 
whistles and shoots off across the battlefield. Threepio, panicked, 
runs after him.

THREEPIO
Going? What do you mean, you're going. But-- but going where, Artoo? 
No, what! Artoo! Oh, this is no time for heroics. Come back!

Biker scouts race around and over the two droids, blasting away at the 
little Ewoks as the furries scurry for cover.

A group of Ewoks have moved a primitive catapult into position. They 
fire off a large boulder that hits one of the walkers. The walker turns 
and heads for the catapult, blasting away with both guns. The Ewoks 
abandon their weapons and flee in all directions. Just as the walker 
moves in to stomp the catapult, Ewoks drop vines restraining two huge 
logs that swing down and smash thewalker's head flat.

A line of Ewoks hang desperately to a vine that is hooked to a walker's 
foot. As the walker moves along, the fuzzy creatures are dragged 
behind.

Two speeder bikes chase Ewoks through the underbrush. As the scouts 
round a tree, they are knocked off their bikes by a vinetied between 
two trees.

100  EXT SPACE

The Falcon and other Rebel fighters are engaged in a ferocious combat 
with Imperial TIE fighters, the battle raging around thecruisers of the 
Rebel armada.

101  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT
Lando is in radio communication with the pilots of the other Rebel 
squads.

LANDO
Watch yourself, Wedge! Three from above!

WEDGE
Red Three, Red Two, pull in!

RED TWO
Got it!

RED THREE
Three of them coming in, twenty degrees!

WEDGE
Cut to the left! I'll take the leader! They're heading for the medical 
frigate.

Lando steers the Falcon through a complete flip, as his crew fires at 
the TIEs from the belly guns.

NAVIGATOR
Pressure's steady.

The copilot Nien Nunb chatters an observation.

LANDO
Only the fighters are attacking.  I wonder what those Star Destroyers 
are waiting for.

102  EXT SPACE - IMPERIAL FLEET  

The giant Imperial Star Destroyer waits silently some distance from the 
battle. The Emperor's huge Super Star Destroyer rests in the middle of 
the fleet.

103  INT SUPER STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

Admiral Piett and two fleet commanders watch the battle at the huge 
window of the Super Star Destroyer bridge.

COMMANDER
We're in attack position now, sir.

PIETT
Hold here.

COMMANDER
We're not going to attack?

PIETT
I have my orders from the Emperor himself. He has something special 
planned for them. We only need to keep them from escaping.

104  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM

The Emperor, Vader, and a horrified Luke watch the aerial battle 
fireworks out the window and on the viewscreens. Another Rebel ship 
explodes against the protective shield.

EMPEROR
As you can see, my young apprentice, your friends have failed. Now 
witness the firepower of this fully armed and operational battle 
station.
(into comlink)
Fire at will, Commander.

Luke, in shock, looks out across the surface of the Death Star to the 
Rebel fleet beyond.

105  INT DEATH STAR - CONTROL ROOM

Controllers pull back on several switches. Commander Jerjerrod stands 
over them.

JERJERROD
Fire!

106  INT DEATH STAR - BLAST CHAMBER

A button is pressed, which switches on a panel of lights. A hooded 
Imperial soldier reaches overhead and pulls a lever. A huge beam of 
light emanates from a long shaft. Two stormtroopers stand to one side 
at a control panel.

107  EXT DEATH STAR

The giant laser dish on the completed half of the Death Star begins to 
glow; Then a powerful beams shoots out toward the aerial battle.

108  EXT SPACE - AIR BATTLE

The air is thick with giant ships. In among them, Rebel X-wings 
dogfight with Imperial TIE fighters. Now an enormous Rebel cruiser is 
hit by the Death Star beam and is blown to dust.

The Millennium Falcon roars over CAMERA, followed closely byseveral TIE 
fighters.

109  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

The ship is buffeted by the tremendous explosion of the Rebel cruiser. 
Lando and his copilot are stunned by the sight of the Death Star 
firepower.

LANDO
That blast came from the Death Star! That thing's operational! 
(into comlink)
Home One, this is Gold Leader.

110  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

Ackbar stands amid the confusion on the wide bridge and speaks into the 
comlink.

ACKBAR
We saw it. All craft prepare to retreat.

LANDO
You won't get another chance at this, Admiral.

ACKBAR
We have no choice, General Calrissian. Our cruisers can't repel 
firepower of that magnitude.

LANDO
Han will have that shield down. We've got to give him more time.

111  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER

Artoo and Threepio make it to the door, as Han and Leia provide cover 
fire.

THREEPIO
We're coming!

HAN
Come on! Come on!

THREEPIO
Oh, Artoo, hurry!

The little droid moves to the terminal and plugs in his computer arm. A 
large explosion hits near Artoo, knocking him head over heels, finally 
landing on his feet. The stubby astrodroid's head is spinning and 
smoldering. Suddenly there is a loud SPROOING and Han and Leia turn 
around to see Artoo with all his compartment doors open, and all of his 
appendages sticking out; water and smoke spurt out of the nozzles in 
his body. Han rushes to the terminal, as Threepio rushes to his wounded 
companion.

THREEPIO
My goodness! Artoo, why did you have to be so brave?

HAN
Well, I suppose I could hotwire this thing.

LEIA
I'll cover you.

Ewoks in handmade, primitive hanggliders drop rocks onto the 
stormtroopers, divebombing their deadly adversaries.  One is hit in the 
wing with laser fire and crashes. A walker lumbers forward, shooting 
laser blasts at frantic Ewoks running in all directions.  Two Ewoks are 
struck down by laser blasts.  One tries to awaken his friend, then 
realizes that he is dead.

112  EXT SPACE - DEATH STAR

The Rebel fleet continues to be picked off, from one side by the Death 
Star's deadly beam, from the other by the rampaging Imperial Star 
Destroyers.

113  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando steers the Falcon wildly through an obstacle course of floating 
giants. He's been yelling into the comlink.

LANDO	 (desperately)
Yes! I said closer! Move as close as you can and engage those Star 
Destroyers at point-
blank range.

ACKBAR
At that close range, we won't last long against those Star Destroyers.

LANDO
We'll last longer then we will against that Death Star...and we might 
just take a few of
them with us.

The Rebel cruisers move very close to the Imperial Star Destroyers and 
begin to blast away at point-blank range. Tiny fighters race across the 
giant surfaces, against a backdrop of laser fire.

The control tower of a Star Destroyer is under attack.

REBEL PILOT
She's gonna blow!

Y-WING PILOT
I'm hit!

The damaged Y-wing plummets toward the Star Destroyer, and crashes into 
the control tower, exploding.

114  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM

Out of the window and on the view screens, the Rebel fleet is being 
decimated in blinding explosions of light and debris. But in here there 
is no sound of battle. The Emperor turns to Luke.

EMPEROR
Your fleet has lost. And your friends on the Endor moon will not 
survive. There is no escape, my young apprentice. The Alliance will 
die...as will your friends.

Luke's eyes are full of rage. Vader watches him.

EMPEROR
Good. I can feel your anger. I am defenseless.  Take your weapon! 
Strike me down with all your hatred, and your journey towards the dark 
side will be complete.

Luke can resist no longer. The lightsaber flies into his hand. He 
ignites it in an instant and swings at the Emperor. Vader's lightsaber 
flashes into view, blocking Luke's blow before it can reach the 
Emperor. The two blades spark at contact. Luke turns to fight his 
father.

115  EXT FOREST

The battle rages on. Stormtroopers fire on Ewoks with sophisticated 
weapons while their furry little adversaries sneak up behind the 
Imperial troopers and bash them over the head with large clubs.

A walker marches through the undergrowth blasting Ewoks as it goes. An 
Ewok warrior gives the signal, and a pile of logs is cut loose. The 
logs tumble under the walker's feet, causing it to slip and slide until 
it finally topples over with a great crash.

A scout bike races past and is lassoed with a heavy vine. The other end 
of the vine is tied to a tree, and the bike swings around in ever-
tightening circles until it runs out of rope and
crashes into the trees with a huge explosion.

Chewie swings on a vine to the roof of one of the walkers. Two Ewoks 
cling to him. They land with a thud on the top of the lurching machine, 
then hang on for dear life. One of the Ewoks peeks through the window.

WALKER PILOT #1
Look!

PILOT #2
Get him off of there!

The walker pilot opens the hatch to see what's going on. He is yanked 
out and tossed overboard before he can scream. The two Ewoks jump into 
the cockpit and knock the second pilot unconscious. The Ewoks are 
thrown violently as the mighty machine careens out of control. Outside, 
Chewie is almost knocked overboard; he sticks his head into the hatch 
with a series of angry barks. The Ewoks are too busy and frightened to 
listen to the Wookiee's complaint. Chewie slips inside the walker.

Chewbacca's walker moves through the forest, firing laser blasts at 
unsuspecting stormtroopers, and destroying other Imperial walkers. The 
Ewoks shout and cheer as the giant machine helps turn the tide of the 
battle in their favor.

116  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER

Han works furiously at the control panel; wires spark as he attempts to 
hotwire the door. He motions to Leia, who is blasting away at some 
stormtroopers.

HAN
I think I got it. I got it!

The three wires spark as the connection is made. With a LOUD WHOOSH, a 
second blast door crashes down in front of the first.

Han frowns and turns back to the wires again. Leia exchanges shots with 
stormtroopers in the bushes, then suddenly cries out in pain, her 
shoulder hit by a laser blast.

THREEPIO
Oh, Princess Leia, are you all right?

HAN
Let's see.

LEIA
It's not bad.

STORMTROOPER	 (OS)
Freeze!

They freeze.

THREEPIO
Oh, dear.

STORMTROOPER
Don't move!

Leia holds her laser gun ready, behind Han, out of view of the two 
stormtroopers moving toward them. Han and Leia's eyes lock; the moment 
seems suspended in time.

HAN
I love you.

Another shared look between them, as she smiles up at Han.

LEIA
I know.

STORMTROOPER
Hands up! Stand up!

Han stands up slowly and turns, revealing the gun in Leia's hand. She 
disposes of the stormtroopers in a flash. As Han turns back toward 
Leia, he looks up to see a giant walker approach and stand before him, 
its deadly weapons aimed right at him.

HAN	 (to Leia)
Stay back.

The hatch on top of the walker opens and Chewie sticks his head out and 
barks triumphantly.

HAN
Chewie!  Get down here!  She's wounded!  No, wait....  I got an idea.

117  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM

Luke and Vader are engaged in a man-to-man duel of lightsabers even 
more vicious then the battle on Bespin. But the young Jedi has grown 
stronger in the interim, and now the advantage shifts to him. Vader is 
forced back, losing his balance, and is knocked down the stairs. Luke 
stands at the top of the stairs, ready to attack.

EMPEROR (laughing)
Good.  Use your aggressive feelings, boy!  Let the hate flow through 
you.

Luke looks momentarily toward the Emperor, then back to Vader, and 
realizes he is using the dark side. He steps back, turns off his 
lightsaber, and relaxes, driving the hate from his being.

VADER
Obi-Wan has taught you well.

LUKE
I will not fight you, father.

Vader walks back up the stairs to Luke.

VADER
You are unwise to lower your defenses.

Vader attacks, forcing Luke on the defensive. The young Jedi leaps in 
an amazing reverse flip up to the safety of the catwalk overhead. Vader 
stands below him.

LUKE
Your thoughts betray you, father. I feel the good in you...the 
conflict.

VADER
There is no conflict.

LUKE
You couldn't bring yourself to kill me before, and I don't believe 
you'll destroy me
now.

VADER
You underestimate the power of the dark side. If you will not fight, 
then you will meet
your destiny.

Vader throws the laser sword and it cuts through the supports holding 
the catwalk, then returns to Vader's hand. Luke tumbles to the ground 
in a shower of sparks and rolls out of sight under the Emperor's 
platform. Vader moves to find him.

EMPEROR	 (laughs)
Good.  Good.

118  EXT SPACE - AIR BATTLE

The two armadas, like their sea-bound ancestors, blast away at each 
other in individual point-blank confrontations. A Star Destroyer 
explodes. The Rebel victor limps away, its back half alive with a 
series of minor explosions. The Rebel cruiser manages to move in next 
to a second Star Destroyer before it explodes completely, taking the 
Imperial Star Destroyer with it. The Falcon and several fighters attack 
one of the larger Imperial ships.

LANDO
Watch out. Squad at .06.

REBEL PILOT
I'm on it, Gold Leader.

WEDGE
Good shot, Red Two.

LANDO
Now...come on, Han, old buddy. Don't let me down.

119  INT BUNKER - CONTROL ROOM

Controllers watch the main viewscreen on which a vague figure of an 
Imperial walker pilot can be seen. There is a great deal of static and 
interference.

HAN/PILOT	 (VO)
It's over, Commander. The Rebels have been routed. They're fleeing into 
the woods. We
need reinforcements to continue the pursuit.

The controllers cheer.

CONTROL ROOM COMMANDER
Send three squads to help. Open the back door.

SECOND COMMANDER
Yes, sir.

120  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER

As the door to the bunker opens and the Imperial troops rush out, 
they're surprised to find themselves surrounded by Rebels, their 
weapons pointed at them. Ewoks holding bows and arrows appear on the 
roof of the bunker. The Imperial troops throw down their guns
as Han and Chewie rush inside the bunker with explosive charges.

121  INT BUNKER - CONTROL ROOM

Han, Chewie, and several troops rush into the control room and plant 
explosive charges on the control panels and rush out.

HAN
Throw me another charge.

122  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM

Vader stalks the low-ceilinged area on the level below the throne, 
searching for Luke in the semi-darkness, his lightsaber held ready.

VADER
You cannot hide forever, Luke.

LUKE
I will not fight you.

VADER
Give yourself to the dark side. It is the only way you can save your 
friends. Yes, your
thoughts betray you. Your feelings for them are strong. Especially 
for...

Vader stops and senses something. Luke shuts his eyes tightly, in 
anguish.

VADER
Sister! So...you have a twin sister. Your feelings have now betrayed 
her, too. Obi-Wan
was wise to hide her from me. Now his failure is complete. If you will 
not turn to the dark
side, then perhaps she will.

LUKE
Never-r-r!

Luke ignites his lightsaber and screams in anger, rushing at hisfather 
with a frenzy we have not seen before. Sparks fly as Luke and Vader 
fight in the cramped area. Luke's hatred forces Vader to retreat out of 
the low area and across a bridge overlooking a vast elevator shaft. 
Each stroke of Luke's sword drives his father further toward defeat.

The Dark Lord is knocked to his knees, and as he raises his sword to 
block another onslaught, Luke slashes Vader's right hand off at the 
wrist, causing metal and electronic parts to fly from the mechanical 
stump. Vader's sword clatters uselessly away, over the
edge of the platform and into the bottomless shaft below. Luke moves 
over Vader and holds the blade of his sword to the Dark Lord's throat. 
The Emperor watches with uncontrollable, pleased agitation.

EMPEROR
Good! Your hate has made you powerful. Now, fulfill your destiny and 
take your father's
place at my side!

Luke looks at his father's mechanical hand, then to his own mechanical, 
black-gloved hand, and realizes how much he is becoming like his 
father. He makes the decision for which he has spent a lifetime in 
preparation. Luke steps back and hurls his lightsaber away.

LUKE
Never! I'll never turn to the dark side. You've failed, Your Highness. 
I am a Jedi,
like my father before me.

The Emperor's glee turns to rage.

EMPEROR
So be it...Jedi.

123  EXT FOREST - GENERATOR BUNKER

Han and several of the fighters run out of the bunker and race across 
the clearing.

HAN
Move! Move!

A shock wave knocks them flat as the bunker explodes, followed by a 
spectacular display as the huge shield-generator radar dish explodes 
along with the bunker.

124  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

Ackbar, sitting in his control chair, speaks into the radio.

ACKBAR
The shield is down! Commence attack on theDeath Star's main reactor.

LANDO
We're on our way. Red Group, Gold Group, all fighters follow me. 
(laughs)
Told you they'd do it!

The Falcon, followed by several smaller Rebel fighters, heads toward 
the unfinished superstructure of the Death Star.

125  INT EMPEROR'S TOWER - THRONE ROOM

Luke stands still, as the Emperor reaches the bottom of thestairs. The 
Emperor's laughter has turned to anger. He raises his arms toward Luke.

EMPEROR
If you will not be turned, you will be destroyed.

Blinding bolts of energy, evil lightning, shoot from the Emperor's 
hands at Luke. Even in his surprise, the young Jedi tries to use the 
Force to deflect them. At first he is half successful, but after a 
moment the bolts of energy are coming with such speed and power the 
young Jedi shrinks before them, his knees buckling. The wounded Vader 
struggles to his feet, and moves to stand at his master's side.

EMPEROR
Young fool...only now, at the end, do you understand.

Luke is almost unconscious beneath the continuing assault of the 
Emperor's lightning. He clutches a canister to keep from falling into 
the bottomless shaft as the bolts tear through him.

EMPEROR
Your feeble skills are no match for the power of the dark side. You 
have paid the price for
your lack of vision.

Luke writhes on the floor in unbearable pain, reaching weakly up toward 
where Vader stands watching.

LUKE	 (groans)
Father, please. Help me.

Again Vader stands, watching Luke. He looks at his master, the Emperor, 
then back to Luke on the floor.

EMPEROR
Now, young Skywalker...you will die.

Although it would not have seemed possible, the outpouring of bolts 
from the Emperor's fingers actually increases in intensity, the sound 
screaming through the room. Luke's body writhes in pain.

Vader grabs the Emperor from behind, fighting for control of the robed 
figure despite the Dark Lord's weakened body and gravely weakened arm. 
The Emperor struggles in his embrace, his bolt-shooting hands now 
lifted high, away from Luke. Now the white lightning arcs back to 
strike at Vader. He stumbles with his load as the sparks rain off his 
helmet and flow down over his black cape. He holds his evil master high 
over his head and walks to the edge of the abyss at the central core of 
the throne room. With one final burst of his once awesome strength, 
Darth Vader hurls the Emperor's body into the bottomless shaft.

The Emperor's body spins helplessly into the void, arcing as it falls 
into the abyss. Finally, when the body is far down the shaft, it 
explodes, creating a rush of air through the room.Vader's cape is 
whipped by the wind and he staggers, and collapses toward the 
bottomless hole. Luke crawls to his father's side and pulls him away 
from the edge of the abyss to safety. Both the young Jedi and the giant 
warrior are too weak to move.

126  EXT/INT - SPACE BATTLE - FIGHTER AND DEATH STAR

Rebel fighters follow the Falcon across the surface of the Death Star 
to the unfinished portion, where they dive into the superstructure of 
the giant battle station, followed by many TIE fighters.

WEDGE
I'm going in.

LANDO
Here goes nothing.

Three X-wings lead the chase through the ever-narrowing shaft, followed 
by the Falcon and four other fighters, plus TIE fighters who 
continually fire at the Rebels. Lights reflect off the pilot's faces as 
they race through the dark shaft.

LANDO
Now lock onto the strongest power source. It should be the power 
generator.

WEDGE
Form up. And stay alert. We could run out of space real fast.

The fighters and the Falcon race through the tunnel, still pursued by 
the TIE fighters. One of the X-wings is hit from behind and explodes.

LANDO
Split up and head back to the surface. See if you can get a few of 
those TIE fighters to
follow you.

PILOT
Copy, Gold Leader.

The Rebel ships peel off pursued by three of the TIE's, while Lando and 
Wedge continue through the main tunnel. It narrows, and the Falcon 
scrapes the side dangerously. Two other TIE fighters continue to blast 
away at them.

LANDO
That was too close.

Nien Nunb agrees. The battle between the Rebel and Imperial fleet rages 
on. Several cruisers fire at the giant Super Star Destroyer.

127  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

ACKBAR
We've got to give those fighters more time. Concentrate all fire on 
that Super Star Destroyer.

X-wings pilots head across the surface of the huge battleship.

128  INT VADER'S STAR DESTROYER - BRIDGE

Admiral Piett and a commander stand at the window, looking out to the 
battle. They look concerned.

CONTROLLER
Sir, we've lost our bridge deflector shield.

PIETT
Intensify the forward batteries. I don't want anything to get through.

The commander is looking out of the window where a damaged Rebel 
fighter is out of control and heading directly toward the bridge.

PIETT
Intensify forward firepower!

COMMANDER
It's too late!

The Rebel pilot screams as his ship hits the Star Destroyer, causing a 
huge explosion. The giant battle ship loses control, crashes into the 
Death Star, and explodes.

129  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

There is excitement on the bridge as the battle rages on all sides. 
They cheer as the giant Star Destroyer blows up.

130  INT DEATH STAR - MAIN DOCKING BAY

Chaos. For the first time, the Death Star is rocked by explosions as 
the Rebel fleet, no longer backed against a wall, zooms over, unloading 
a heavy barrage. Imperial troops run in all directions, confused and 
desperate to escape.

In the midst of this uproar, Luke is trying to carry the enormous 
deadweight of his father's weakening body toward an Imperial shuttle. 
Finally, Luke collapses from the strain. The explosions grow louder as 
Vader draws him closer.

VADER	 (a whisper)
Luke, help me take this mask off.

LURE
But you'll die.

VADER
Nothing can stop that now. Just for once... let me look on you with my 
own eyes.

Slowly, hesitantly, Luke removes the mask from his father's face. There 
beneath the scars is an elderly man. His eyes do not focus. But the 
dying man smiles at the sight before him.

ANAKIN	 (very weak)
Now...go, my son. Leave me.

LUKE
No. You're coming with me. I can't leave you here. I've got to save 
you.

ANAKIN
You already have, Luke. You were right about me. Tell your sister...you 
were right.

LUKE
Father...I won't leave you.

Darth Vader, Anakin Skywalker...Luke's father, dies.

A huge explosion rocks the docking bay. Slowly, Luke rises and, half 
carrying, half dragging the body of his father, stumbles toward a 
shuttle.

131  EXT DEATH STAR

The Millennium Falcon leads a swerving bomb run through the immense 
superstructure of the half-built Death Star. The Rebel Star Cruisers 
outside continually bombard the huge station. And each direct hit is 
answered by resonating, chain-reaction explosions within the station 
itself.

132  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT AND GUN PORTS

Lando's crew fires away at the pursuing TIE fighters as the dashing 
Baron of Bespin and his alien copilot home in on the main reactor 
shaft. It is awesome. A lone X-wing is just in front of the Falcon.

WEDGE
There it is!

LANDO
All right, Wedge. Go for the power regulator on the north tower.

WEDGE
Copy, Gold Leader. I'm already on my way out.

The X-wing heads for the top of the huge reactor and fires several 
proton torpedoes at the power regulator, causing a series of small 
explosions.

The Falcon heads for the main reactor, and when it is dangerously 
close, Lando fires the missiles, which shoot out of the Falcon with a 
powerful roar, and hit directly at the center of the main reactor.

He maneuvers the Falcon out of the winding superstructure just ahead of 
the continuing chain of explosions.

133  INT REBEL STAR CRUISER - BRIDGE

Ackbar and other Mon Calamari lean on the railing of the bridge, 
watching the large screen showing the Death Star in the main briefing 
room.

ACKBAR
Move the fleet away from the Death Star.

134  EXT DEATH STAR

An Imperial shuttle, with Luke alone in the cockpit, rockets out of the 
main docking bay as that entire section of the Death Star is blown 
away.

Finally, just as it looks like the Falcon will not make it, Lando 
expertly pilots the craft out of the exploding superstructure and 
whizzes toward the Sanctuary Moon, only a moment before the Death Star 
supernovas into oblivion.

135  INT MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT

Lando and Nien Nunb laugh and cheer in relief.

136  EXT ENDOR FOREST

Han and Leia, Chewie, the droids, the Rebel troops, and the Ewoks all 
look to the sky as the Death Star reveals itself in a final flash of 
self-destruction. They all cheer.

THREEPIO
They did it!

Han looks town from the sky to Leia, a look of concern on his face. 
Leia continues to look at the sky as though listening for a silent 
voice.

HAN
I'm sure Luke wasn't on that thing when it blew.

LEIA
He wasn't. I can feel it.

HAN
You love him, don't you?

Leia smiles, puzzled.

LEIA
Yes.

HAN
All right. I understand. Fine. When he comes back, I won't get in the 
way.

She realizes his misunderstanding.

LEIA
Oh. No, it's not like that at all. He's my brother.

Han is stunned by this news. She smiles, and they embrace.

137  EXT ENDOR FOREST - NIGHT

Luke sets a torch to the logs stacked under a funeral pyre where his 
father's body lies, again dressed in black mask and helmet. He stands, 
watching sadly, as the flames leap higher to consume Darth Vader -- 
Anakin Skywalker.

In the sky above, fireworks explode and Rebel fighters zoom above the 
forest.

138  EXT EWOK VILLAGE SQUARE - NIGHT

A huge bonfire is the centerpiece of a wild celebration. Rebels and 
Ewoks rejoice in the warm glow of firelight, drums beating, singing, 
dancing, and laughing in the communal language of victory and 
liberation.

Lando runs in and is enthusiastically hugged by Han and Chewie. Then, 
finally, Luke arrives and the friends rush to greet and embrace him. 
They stand close, this hardy group, taking comfort in each other's 
touch, together to the end.

Rebels and Ewoks join together in dancing and celebration. The original 
group of adventurers watch from the sidelines. Only Luke seems 
distracted, alone in their midsts, his thoughts elsewhere.

He looks off to the side and sees three shimmering, smiling figures at 
the edge of the shadows: Ben Kenobi, Yoda, and Anakin Skywalker.

FADE OUT

END CREDITS OVER STAR FIELD

STAR WARS EPISODE 3: REVENGE OF THE SITH SCRIPT

George Lucas


1 EXT. SPACE

A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.

A vast sea of stars serves as the backdrop for the Main Title, followed by a rollup, which crawls into infinity.

War! The Republic is crumbling under attacks by the ruthless Sith Lord, Count Dooku. There are heroes on both sides. Evil is everywhere.

In a stunning move, the fiendish droid leader, General Grievous, has swept into the Republic capital and kidnapped Chancellor Palpatine, leader of the Galactic Senate.

As the Separatist Droid Army attempts to flee the besieged capital with their valuable hostage, two Jedi Knights lead a desperate mission to rescue the captive Chancellor. . . .

PAN DOWN to reveal a REPUBLIC ATTACK CRUISER. Continue to PAN with the Cruiser as TWO JEDI STARFIGHTERS enter and head toward an enemy Battle Cruiser. TRUCK with the Jedi Fighters as they maneuver in unison, dodging flack and enemy laser fire. R2-D2 is on Anakin's ship. R4-P17 is on Obi-Wan's ship. A giant space battle is revealed as the tiny Jedi ships continue their assault in a synchronous ballet.

2 INT. OBI-WAN'S STARFIGHTER COCKPIT-SPACE

OBI-WAN bounces through the flack with a frown. His ship rocks violently.

3 INT. ANAKINS STARFIGHTER COCKPIT-SPACE

ANAKIN smiles as he blasts a TRADE FEDERATION DROID DROP FIGHTER.

ANAKIN: There isn't a droid made that can out fly you, Master, and no other way to get to the Chancellor . . .

OBI-WAN: Look out, four droids inbound . . .

4 EXT. CORUSCANT-SPACE BATTLE

The TWO JEDI FIGHTERS swerve in unison as FOUR TRADE FEDERATION DROID DROP FIGHTERS attack. After several clever moves by the Jedi, two of the FEDERATION DROID DROP FIGHTERS collide with each other in a ball of flame.

5 INT. OBI-WAN'S STARFIGHTER COCKPIT-SPACE

OBI-WAN struggles to maintain control of his ship.

OBI-WAN: We've got to split them up.

ANAKIN: Break left, fly through the guns on that tower.

OBI-WAN flies to the left of a huge tower on a REPUBLIC CRUISER. The TWO DROID DROP FIGHTERS follow.

OBI-WAN: Easy for you to say . . . why am I always the bait?

ANAKIN: Don't worry. I'm coming around behind you.

OBI-WAN deftly maneuvers around a large Starship's superstructure, but the TWO DROID FIGHTERS stay on his tail, BLASTING him with intense laser fire.

OBI-WAN: Anakin, they're all over me!

ANAKIN: Dead ahead! Closing . . . lock onto him, Artoo . . .

ARTOO BEEPS his reply as ANAKIN swoops in for the kill. ANAKIN BLASTS one of the DROID DROP FIGHTERS. It EXPLODES.

ANAKIN: (continuing, laughs) We got him, Artoo!

ANAKIN BLASTS away at the second DROID DROP FIGHTER as ARTOO BEEPS an angry warning.

ANAKIN: I copy, Artoo.

OBI-WAN: I'm going down on the deck.

ANAKIN: Good idea ... I need some room to maneuver.

OBI-WAN dives toward the surface of one of the larger TRADE FEDERATION BATTLESHIPS and is forced to fly through a maelstrom of laser flack. He skims the surface, followed by the DROID DROP FIGHTER, which is followed by ANAKIN.

ANAKIN: (continuing) Cut right. Do you hear me?! Cut right. Don't let him get a handle on you. Come on, Artoo, lock on! Lock on!

ARTOO BEEPS. The crosshairs merge on the DROID DROP FIGHTER.

OBI-WAN: Hurry up! I don't like this!

OBI-WAN flies through a narrow gap between two towers on a Battleship. The DROID DROP FIGHTER hits one of Obi-Wan's wings with a laser blast, and parts of the ship go flying around Obi-Wan's Astro Droid, ARFOUR.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Ouch!

R-4 BEEPS a blue streak.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Don't even try to fix it, Arfour. I've shut it down.

ANAKIN: We're locked on ... we've got him . . .

ANAKIN drops in behind the DROID DROP FIGHTER and blows him apart. ARTOO SQUEALS with delight.

ANAKIN: (continuing) Yeah! We got him . . . good going, Artoo.

OBI-WAN: Next time you're the bait . . . Now let's find the Command Ship and get on with it ...

R-4 BEEPS a blue streak.

ANAKIN: Lock onto them, Artoo. Master, General Grievous's ship is directly ahead.

ARTOO BEEPS a reply, and it reads out in Anakin's cockpit.

ANAKIN: (continuing) The one crawling with vulture droids.

6 INT. OBI-WAN'S STARFIGHTER COCKPIT-SPACE

OBI-WAN: I see it. Oh, this is going to be easy.

Ahead is a TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER with batlike DROID VULTURE FIGHTERS stalking around on the hull. The VULTURE FIGHTERS transform into flight configuration, lift off the CRUISER, and attack the JEDI STARFIGHTERS.

ANAKIN: Come on, Master.

OBI-WAN: Not this time. There's too much at stake. We need help. Odd Ball, do you copy?

ODD BALL: (OS) Copy, Red Leader.

OBI-WAN: Mark my position and form your squad up behind me . . .

7 INT. ODD BALL'S FIGHTER COCKPIT-SPACE

ODD BALL: We're on your tail, General Kenobi. Set S-foils in attack position.

The protective ray shield lowers on the main hangar of the TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER, and six new DROID TRI-FIGHTERS emerge and join the DROID VULTURE FIGHTERS heading toward the Jedi. The JEDI STARFIGHTERS extend the stability foils on the ends of their wings.

8 INT. ANAKIN'S FIGHTER COCKPIT-SPACE

ANAKIN: This is where the fun begins. Ten Vulture Droids straight ahead, coming down the left side.

ARTOO BEEPS a worried message.

OBI-WAN: Add five Tri-fighters on the right . . .

ANAKIN: I'm going head to head. See you.

OBI-WAN: Take it easy, Anakin.

Four Clone Fighters move into formation behind the Jedi.

ODD BALL: I'm on your right, Red Leader.

ANAKIN: Incoming!!

ARTOO SQUEALS as five DROID TRI-FIGHTERS pass by at high speed on the right.

OBI-WAN: Five more on the right!

Four more VULTURE DROID FIGHTERS pass at high speed from the left. All hell breaks loose. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN continue to fly in unison, backing up each other. ARTOO SQUEALS.

ANAKIN: Here we go.

The Jedi ships split up and make a quick loop around the DROID TRI-FIGHTERS, ending up behind them. BLASTING away. The DROID TRI-FIGHTERS EXPLODE.

OBI-WAN: I'm going high and right.

ANAKIN: Hang on. There are four more of them.

OBI-WAN: Stay with me . . . swing back and right . . . help me engage. Back off ... Let them pass between us.

ANAKIN: I'm coming around. I'm coming around on your tail.

OBI-WAN: All right, engage . . . and hurry. These droids are all over me like a rash.

In one incredible move, ANAKIN swings in behind the DROID TRI-FIGHTERS, blowing them away one by one until there is only one left. ARTOO CHIRPS.

ARTOO lets out a HOWL as ANAKIN accelerates past the last DROID TRI-FIGHTER, slams on his brakes, flips the Fighter around, and BLASTS the Fighter from the front. ARTOO BEEPS frantically as they fly through the debris of the destroyed ships. ANAKIN looks behind him.

ANAKIN: How many back there. Artoo? (Artoo beeps) Three . . . (continuing) Four . . . that's not good.

OBI-WAN: Anakin, you have four on your tail.

ANAKIN: I know. I know!

OBI-WAN: Four more closing from your left.

ANAKIN: I know. I know!

OBI-WAN: Break right and go high.

ANAKIN: I'm going low and left.

Obi-Wan shakes his head.

OBI-WAN: (to himself) He still has much to learn.

ANAKIN swoops low and skims across a TRADE FEDERATION BATTLESHIP, dodging flack as ARTOO bounces along, trying to get out a sentence.

ANAKIN: Hang on, Artoo. Obi-Wan, do you copy? I'm going to pull them through the needle . . .

OBI-WAN: Too dangerous. First Jedi rule: "Survive."

ANAKIN: Sorry, no choice. Come down here and thin them out a little.

OBI-WAN drops in behind the DROID VULTURE FIGHTERS chasing Anakin. ARFOUR BEEPS to OBI-WAN.

OBI-WAN: Just keep me steady . . . hold on ... not yet. . . now break left.

OBI-WAN fires as he swings across the back of the VULTURE DROIDS, BLASTING four of them away. ANAKIN heads for a trench along the surface of one of the Trade Federation Battleships. He flies into the trench, which ends in a conning tower with a small slit between two main struts.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) You'll never get through there, Anakin. It's too tight.

ARTOO BEEPS nervously.

ANAKIN: Easy, Artoo . . . we've done this before.

OBI-WAN: Use the Force, think yourself through, the ship will follow.

ARTOO SQUEALS in a panic. On the view screen Artoo's squeal reads out, "WE'RE NOT GOING TO MAKE IT."

ANAKIN: Wrong thought, Artoo.

ANAKIN slips through the narrow gap. The trailing VULTURE DROID FIGHTERS CRASH.

ANAKIN: (continuing) I'm through.

OBI-WAN continues to fire on the VULTURE DROID FIGHTERS, driving them into the EXPLOSION.
A CLONE fighter is hit and explodes, spewing debris. The CLONE PILOT spins off into space.
Finally, OBI-WAN peels off and swings around, pulling up alongside ANAKIN. CLONE FIGHT SQUAD SEVEN battles the DROIDS.

ODD BALL: There are too many of them.

CLONE PILOT 2: I'm on your wing. Break left. Break left. They're all over me. Get them off my . . .

ANAKIN: I'm going to go help them out!

OBI-WAN: No, no! They are doing their job so we can do ours. Head for the Command Ship!

Another CLONE fighter is hit, bursts into flames, and spins off into space. A VULTURE DROID FIGHTER raises its head to locate its target and fires missiles at them.

ANAKIN: Missiles! Pull up!

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN break right and left, and the missiles follow them. ANAKIN does a barrel roll spin, causing the missiles following him to collide and EXPLODE. Two missiles continue to chase OBI-WAN. He banks sharply to the right, then to the left, causing one of the missiles to overshoot.

OBI-WAN: They overshot us . . .

The second missile streaks next to Obi-Wans Fighter and EXPLODES. Obi-Wan's ship rocks, and R-4, SCREAMS as the Starfighter rips through the explosion. Debris flies all around them.

ANAKIN: They're coming around!

OBI-WAN: All right, Arfour. No, no. Nothing too fancy.

ANAKIN: Surge all power units. Artoo! Stand by the reverse thrusters.

ANAKIN spins his starfighter. The missiles spin and collide.

ANAKIN: We got 'em. Artoo!

Two missiles continue to track Obi-Wan.

OBI-WAN: Flying is for droids.

Suddenly, OBI-WAN shudders, and his ship starts to plummet toward the surface of the Trade Federation Cruiser. The trailing missiles fly into what looks like debris, and detonate. Five silver balls fly out of the debris and attach themselves to the ship. The balls pop open, revealing SMALL BUZZDROIDS that begin to crawl across the surface like spiders.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) I'm hit! Anakin?

ANAKIN: I see them . . . Buzz Droids.

The BUZZ DROIDS crawl across Obi-Wan's ship and start to tear it apart. SPARKS ERUPT where the BUZZ DROIDS break into the wiring. One of the BUZZ DROIDS goes after ARFOUR.

OBI-WAN: Arfour, be careful. You have one . . .

ARFOUR's head gets ripped off and flies away.

OBI-WAN: Oh dear. They're shutting down all the controls.

ANAKIN: Move to the right so I can get a clear shot at them.

OBI-WAN: The mission. Get to the Command Ship. Get the Chancellor! I'm running out of tricks here.

ANAKIN moves into position just off Obi-Wan's left side and angles his ship so his guns are pointing at the DROIDS crawling over Obi-Wans Starfighter. ANAKIN fires and vaporizes the TWO BUZZ DROIDS, along with the left wing of Obi-Wan's ship.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) In the name of ...

ANAKIN: Steady . . . steady . . .

OBI-WAN: Anakin, hold your fire . . . hold your fire. You're not helping here.

ANAKIN: I agree, bad idea. Swing right . . . ease over . . . steady . . .

OBI-WAN: Wait . . . wait . . . I can't see a thing! My cockpit's fogging. They're all over me, Anakin.

ANAKIN: Move to the right.

OBI-WAN: Hold on, Anakin. You're going to get us both killed! Get out of here. There's nothing more you can do.

ANAKIN: I'm not leaving without you, Master.

ANAKIN moves his ship next to OBI-WAN's and tries to physically knock the BUZZ DROIDS off. There are five left. He manages to get one off, but badly dents OBI-WAN's ship in the process. One of the BUZZ DROIDS tears apiece off of the front of Obi-Wan's ship. Flames burst out, and more smoke billows out, obscuring the Jedi's view.

ANAKIN knocks off three of the BUZZ DROIDS and the fourth crawls out onto Anakin's ship and starts attacking ARTOO. ARTOO fights the BUZZ DROID.

OBI-WAN: Blast it ... I can't see . . . my controls are gone.

ANAKIN: Get 'em, Artoo. Watch out!

OBI-WAN: Artoo, hit the buzz droid's center eye.

ARTOO extends an arm and aims a stream of electricity at the swerving BUZZ DROID. The BUZZ DROID is hit squarely in the eye and falls off the ship.

ANAKIN: Yeah, you got him!

OBI-WAN: Great, Artoo.

ANAKIN: Stay on my wing . . . the General's Command Ship is dead ahead. Easy . . . pull up ... Head for the hangar.

OBI-WAN: Have you noticed the shields are still up?

ANAKIN: Oh?!? Sorry, Master.

ANAKIN streaks ahead of OBI-WAN's disintegrating Jedi Fighter and blasts the shield generator. It SPARKS and EXPLODES.

OBI-WAN: Oh, I have a bad feeling about this.

9 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

The shield door drops away, and OBI-WAN crashes on the deck of the hangar bay, engulfed in a FANTAIL OF SPARKS. A set of blast doors starts SLAMMING shut across the hangar opening, as material is sucked into space.

ANAKIN maneuvers around the oncoming junk and flies into the hangar just as the blast doors SLAM shut.
OBI-WAN ignites his light saber and cuts his way out of the cockpit. He jumps dear just as his ship EXPLODES. BATTLE DROIDS rush at him from all directions.

ANAKIN jumps out of his ship and cuts his way through the BATTLE DROIDS to where OBI-WAN is fighting. ARTOO pops out of the ship and follows ANAKIN.

OBI-WAN: Artoo, locate the Chancellor.

ANAKIN: Tap into the ship's computers.

They cut down the last of the droids and follow ARTOO over to a computer wall socket. The two JEDI fight off FOUR MORE DROIDS as ARTOO tries to find the Chancellor. Finally, a HOLOGRAM of the Trade Federation ship appears.

OBI-WAN: The Chancellor's signal is coming from right there. The observation platform at the top of that spire.

ANAKIN: I sense Count Dooku . . .

OBI-WAN: I sense a trap.

ANAKIN: Next move?

OBI-WAN: Spring the trap.

The JEDI start to leave; ARTOO follows. The JEDI stop and turn to ARTOO.

ANAKIN: Artoo, go back. I need you to stay with the ship.

OBI-WAN: Here, take this, and wait for orders.

OBI-WAN tosses the comlink to ARTOO.

10 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

GENERAL GRIEVOUS enters the bridge of the TRADE FEDERATION cruiser followed by his TWO BODYGUARDS. He walks to the front of the bridge and stands in front of the NEIMOIDIAN CAPTAIN.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: What's the situation, Captain?

CAPTAIN: TWO Jedi have landed in the main hangar bay.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Just as Count Dooku predicted.

11 INT. HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN head for the elevator. A door opens in the hallway and two of GENERAL GRIEVOUS's BODYGUARDS confront the JEDI.

BODYGUARD I: General Kenobi, Anakin Skywalker. We've been waiting for you.

OBI-WAN: We are here to relieve you of Chancellor Palpatine, not join him.

As a dozen more droids join the group, the JEDI ignite their lightsabers and stand back-to-back.

OBI-WAN: Anakin. . .

ANAKIN: Ready.

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN use their lightsabers and cut a large circle in the floor.

12 INT. GENERATOR ROOM-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

The TWO JEDI cut their way down several floors into a large generator room. Huge EXPLOSIONS outside the ship have caused several large pipes overhead to break, and fluid is spewing everywhere. The Jedi get up and turn off their light sabers. ANAKIN dips his hand into the fluid and sniffs it.

OBI-WAN: . . . fuel. The slightest charge from our sabers will send this ship into oblivion. That's why they've stopped shooting.

ANAKIN: Well then, we're safe for the time being.

OBI-WAN: Your idea of safe is not the same as mine.

They run, EXPLOSIONS rattle the ship, and pipes continue to burst around them, spilling more fuel into the hallway. At the far end, SIX SUPER BATTLE DROIDS drop into the fuel. The SOUNDS OF SHIELD DOORS CLOSING AND LOCKING ECHO throughout the hallway. They pass several large power generators, which are topped with SPARKING excess power dischargers.

ANAKIN: They're sealing this section off.

OBI-WAN: Six droids coming our way!

The last of the DOORS CAN BE HEARD CLOSING in the distance.

ANAKIN: Keep moving. There must be vents . . . This way.

They move along a wall. ANAKIN climbs up the side to a small vent. The fuel gets closer to the SPARKING dischargers.

OBI-WAN: We'll never get through that. It's too small!

They move toward a second vent. OBI-WAN is swimming in the fuel as it reaches to within a couple yards of the ceiling. ANAKIN feels along the ceiling and finds another smaller vent. He closes his eyes and tries to sense an opening, then he moves on. OBI-WAN is forced into hand-to-hand combat with one of the SUPER BATTLE DROIDS. It pulls the Jedi under the fuel. Just before he is about to drown, OBI-WAN disables the SUPER BATTLE DROID by pushing him into an exhaust pipe.

The fuel is up to the Jedi's chins. ANAKIN finds a very, very small metal grate, then pounds on it until the tiny grate breaks loose.

ANAKIN: I found our escape vent.

OBI-WAN: Anakin, this is no time for jokes. We're in serious trouble here.

ANAKIN: Only in your mind. My Master. Look, no structure. . . .

ANAKIN grabs the side of the tiny hole and gives it a big yank, ripping a large panel loose revealing a "man-sized" work shaft. They scramble through it as the DROIDS swim closer.

13 INT. VENT SHAFT-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

The TWO JEDI pull themselves through the narrow vent shaft until they reach a small hatch in the side of the tube.

ANAKIN: Here's a way out.

As the SUPER BATTLE DROIDS reach the opening in the ceiling and the fuel gets to within a few feet of the power generator sparks, the JEDI work the keyboard on the pressure lock, opening the latch.

14 INT. SMALL PASSAGEWAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

The TWO JEDI climb into a small passageway and slam the hatch shut. They make their way through the ever-shrinking shaft until they reach the end.

15 INT. HALLWAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

A hatch opens in one of the main hallways of the Trade Federation Cruiser, and the JEDI squeeze out, SLAMMING the hatch. Behind them, ANAKIN seals the hatch with his laser sword.

OBI-WAN: That won't hold when the fuel hits those power dischargers.

ANAKIN: The blast will break the hull. This side's pressurized.

OBI-WAN: You still have much to learn, Anakin.

16 INT. VENT SHAFT-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

The SUPER BATTLE DROIDS climb up the vent shaft. SUPER BATTLE DROID R77 and SEVERAL OTHER DROIDS wait in the generator room as the fuel continues to rise toward the power discharger.

SUPER BATTLE DROID R77: I have a bad feeling about this.

17 INT. GENERATOR ROOM-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

The fuel hits the SPARKING power discharger, and there is a HUGE EXPLOSION.

18 EXT. TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER-BATTLE

A GREAT EXPLOSION and a flaming gas cloud spray out of the side of the Federation Cruiser.

19 INT. HALLWAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

A large bulge appears in the wall around the sealed hatch as the EXPLOSION hits. OBI-WAN jumps back, then stands amazed.

OBI-WAN: All right, you win. I have much to learn. Let's go!

ANAKIN grins at OBI-WAN, and they run down the hallway.

20 INT. WIDE HALLWAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

The two JEDI wait for an elevator to arrive. They turn around and see they are face to face with THREE DESTROYER DROIDS. The DROIDS start blasting away. Anakin deflects the bolts. OBI-WAN frantically pushes the elevator button several more times.

ANAKIN: Destroyers!!

Finally the door opens, and they rush inside under a hail of laser bolts. The elevator door slides shut. The JEDI turn to see BATTLE DROIDS standing behind them.

BATTLE DROID: Drop your weapons! I said drop 'em.

The JEDI activate their light sabers and destroy all the BATTLE DROIDS.

21 INT HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

R2-D2 notices two SUPER BATTLE DROIDS entering the hangar. He moves and hides behind a Jedi Starfighter.

22 INT. ELEVATOR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

The elevator begins to move and screeches to a stop.

OBI-WAN: Did you press the stop button?

ANAKIN: No, did you?

OBI-WAN: No!

ANAKIN: Well, there's more than one way out of here.

ANAKIN ignites his laser sword.

OBI-WAN: We don't want to get out, we want to get moving. Artoo . . . Artoo. Do you copy? Activate elevator . . . (looks at control panel) . . . 31174 . . .

ANAKIN cuts a hole in the elevator ceiling.

23 INT MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS are inspecting the Jedi starfighters. They overhear Obi-Wan's voice over the comlink and are distracted.

SUPER BATTLE DROID 1: What's that?

SUPER BATTLE DROID 2: Get back to work. It's nothing.

24 INT. ELEVATOR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

OBI-WAN: Artoo?

ANAKIN climbs through the hole in the ceiling of the elevator.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Always on the move.

OBI-WAN continues to talk on the comlink. Artoo quietly beeps a reply.

25 INT MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ARTOO tries to muffle the comlink as the TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS try to figure out where the voices are coming from. ARTOO extends an arm and plugs into a computer interface.

OBI-WAN: (OS) Artoo, switch on the comlink. Artoo, do you hear me? Artoo, we gave you a job to do! Artoo.

26 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

Suddenly, the elevator plummets down the shaft. ANAKIN quickly jumps and grabs onto the hallway entry door. He watches as the elevator recedes down the shaft and disappears. ANAKIN struggles to keep his grip on the closed door as SPARKING wires rain down on him.

27 INT. ELEVATOR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

The elevator starts to descend rapidly.

OBI-WAN: Stop, stop! Artoo, we need to be going up.

28 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

Anakin struggles to hang on to the narrow edge of the elevator shaft. The door to the elevator shaft is pried open, and TWO BATTLE DROIDS appear in the doorway and look down at ANAKIN. They point their guns at him.

DROID 1: Hands up, Jedi! Don't move.

DROID 2: Roger, roger.

29 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

The TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS overhear OBI-WAN's comlink messages to ARTOO.

SUPER BATTLE DROID 1: There it is again.

OBI-WAN: (OS) Artoo, do you copy? Artoo, do you hear me? Artoo, we need to be going up, not down.

30 INT. ELEVATOR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

The elevator races down as OBI-WAN holds on.

OBI-WAN: Stop. Artoo! We need to go up! Stop, stop!

The elevator stops with a jolt. OBI-WAN falls to the floor.

31 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

The TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS see ARTOO and walk toward the little droid.

SUPER BATTLE DROID 1: Hey you!

ARTOO plugs into the interface again and the elevator shoots up.

32 INT. ELEVATOR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

OBI-WAN stands up after having fallen in the elevator.

OBI-WAN: Now, that's better . . .

33 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ARTOO is held up by TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS, who chuckle as the little Astro Droid curses and swings at them.

SUPER BATTLE DROID 1: You stupid little astro droid!

34 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ANAKIN looks down and sees the elevator heading toward him at a high rate of speed. He looks at the BATTLE DROIDS leaning over him with their guns pointed at him. He calculates for a moment, then gives himself a push and flips himself up into the elevator shaft.

Before ANAKIN can arc into a descent down the shaft, the elevator races up through the shaft, cutting the DROIDS in two. ANAKIN lands on the elevator and quickly drops back through the hole in the ceiling. OBI-WAN is startled and ignites his lightsaber.

OBI-WAN: Oh, it's you . . .

35 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ARTOO activates his oil hose and sprays the SUPER BATTLE DROIDS. The SUPER BATTLE DROIDS slip on the oil.

36 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ANAKIN: What was that all about?

OBI-WAN: Well, Artoo has been . . .

ANAKIN: No loose wire jokes . . . He's doing the best he can.

OBI-WAN: Did I say anything?

ANAKIN: He's trying!

OBI-WAN: I didn't say anything!

37 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ARTOO ignites his arm rockets and shoots out of their grip, spraying them both with oil and setting them on fire. The SUPER BATTLE DROIDS slip and slide until they fall, smoldering. ARTOO rolls away.

38 INT. GENERAL'S QUARTER'S-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

The elevator door opens and the TWO JEDI carefully make their way into the main room of the General's Quarters.
At the far end sits SUPREME CHANCELLOR PALPATINE. ANAKIN and OBI-WAN move toward the CHANCELLOR.
As they get closer to PALPATINE, they see a very distressed look on the Chancellor's face.

OBI-WAN: (bows) Chancellor.

ANAKIN: Are you all right?

PALPATINE: (quietly) Count Dooku.

PALPATINE makes a small gesture with his hand. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN turn around. The elevator DOORS CAN BE HEARD OPENING AND CLOSING as COUNT DOOKU strides into the room. He is above the Jedi, standing on a balcony, with two SUPER BATTLE DROIDS. The Jedi turn to see him. He looks down on the Jedi.

OBI-WAN: (quietly to Anakin) This time we will do it together.

ANAKIN: I was about to say that.

COUNT DOOKU jumps down to the main level.

PALPATINE: Get help! You're no match for him. He's a Sith Lord.

OBI-WAN: Chancellor Palpatine, Sith Lords are our specialty.

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN throw off their cloaks and ignite their lightsabers.

COUNT DOOKU: Your swords, please, Master Jedi. We don't want to make a mess of things in front of the Chancellor.

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN move toward DOOKU.

OBI-WAN: You won't get away this time, Dooku.

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN charge COUNT DOOKU. A great sword fight ensues.

COUNT DOOKU: I've been looking forward to this.

ANAKIN: My powers have doubled since the last time we met, Count.

COUNT DOOKU: Good. Twice the pride, double the fall.

DOOKU lunges at the JEDI and they fall back . . .

COUNT DOOKU: (continuing) Your moves are clumsy, Kenobi . . . too predictable. You'll have to do better.

As the battle proceeds, OBI-WAN and COUNT DOOKU are tired. ANAKIN is stronger as he becomes angry. ANAKIN continues to drive the attack on DOOKU. COUNT DOOKU throws OBI-WAN back using the Force.
ANAKIN and COUNT DOOKU move up the stairs. As they reach the upper landing of the General's Quarters, ANAKIN leaps over COUNT DOOKU. OBI-WAN reaches the top of the stairs, destroying TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS. COUNT DOOKU holds OBI-WAN in the air using the Force as he turns and kicks ANAKIN out of frame. OBI-WAN is choking.
ANAKIN hits the archway.
DOOKU sends OBI-WAN flying. The Jedi tumbles to the lower level unconscious. COUNT DOOKU spins around again and, using the Force, causes a section of the balcony to drop onto OBI-WAN. ANAKIN spins and kicks COUNT DOOKU, sending him over the balcony. ANAKIN Jumps, following him down to the main floor. COUNT DOOKU and ANAKIN continue the fight.

COUNT DOOKU: (continuing) I sense great fear in you, Skywalker. You have hate, you have anger, but you dont use them.

Anakin regains his composure and attacks COUNT DOOKU as the Dark Lord continues his spin to meet him head on. Their fighting becomes even more intense.
Anakin attacks COUNT DOOKU with a new ferociousness.

39 INT. GENERAL'S QUARTERS-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

Anakin and Dooku continue their fight. It is intense! Finally, in one last energized charge, ANAKIN cuts off COUNT DOOKU's hands. The Jedi catches the lightsaber as it drops from the severed Sith Lord's hand. COUNT DOOKU stumbles to the floor as ANAKIN puts the two lightsabers to his neck. PALPATINE is grinning as he watches COUNT DOOKU's defeat.

PALPATINE: Good, Anakin, good. I knew you could do it. Kill him. Kill him now!

ANAKIN: I shouldn't . . .

PALPATINE: Do it!!

ANAKIN cuts off COUNT DOOKU's head. A huge EXPLOSION somewhere deep in the ship rattles everything.

ANAKIN: ... I couldn't stop myself.

PALPATINE: You did well, Anakin. He was too dangerous to be kept alive.

ANAKIN drops COUNT DOOKU's lightsaber, moving to PALPATINE.

ANAKIN: Yes, but he was an unarmed prisoner.

ANAKIN raises his hands toward PALPATINE, who is strapped in the Admiral's Chair. The Chancellor's restraints pop loose.

ANAKIN: (continuing) I shouldn't have done that, Chancellor. It's not the Jedi way.

PALPATINE stands up, rubbing his wrists.

PALPATINE: It is only natural. He cut off your arm, and you wanted revenge. It wasn't the first time, Anakin. Remember what you told me about your mother and the Sand People. Now, we must leave before more security droids arrive.

The ship begins to list to one side. ANAKIN rushes over to OBI-WAN, lifts the control console from on top of him, and pulls him free. He kneels down and checks out his unconscious friend. PALPATINE heads for the elevators.

PALPATINE: (continuing) Anakin, there is no time. We must get off the ship before it's too late.

ANAKIN: He seems to be all right. No broken bones, breathing's all right.

PALPATINE: Leave him, or we'll never make it.

ANAKIN: His fate will be the same as ours.

ANAKIN picks up OBI-WAN, slings him over his shoulder, and heads for the elevators.

40 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Prepare for attack.

PILOT: All batteries fire! Fire!

41 INT. BATTLESTATIONS-REPUBLIC CRUISER

Clone gunners fire on the Trade Federation cruiser and take fire in return. Gun emplacements are destroyed. Clone troopers go flying.

42 INT. ELEVATOR LOBBY-GENERAL'S QUARTERS-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ANAKIN carries OBI-WAN to the elevator doors and hits the button. PALPATINE joins him.

ANAKIN: The elevator's not working, (into his comlink) Artoo . . .

ARTOO BEEPS a response to ANAKIN.

ANAKIN: (continuing) . . . Activate Elevator 3224.

Suddenly the ship shifts to its side as the elevator doors open. PALPATINE is thrown to the ground. ANAKIN jumps to the door frame of the elevator. ANAKIN looks into the elevator shaft.

ANAKIN: (continuing) Artoo ... do you copy? Artoo, come in!

43 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

Windows are blown out, droids and equipment are sucked into space.

PILOT: Reverse stabilizers.

44 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

As the ship rolls, spacecraft and equipment CRASH from one side of the ship to the other.
Several objects break through the metal blast doors, causing objects to be sucked into space. ARTOO starts to slide toward one of the small holes.

45 INT. ELEVATOR LOBBY-GENERAL'S QUARTERS-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

As the elevator shaft rotates, it has become a long hallway.
ANAKIN clings to the doorframe with OBI-WAN on his shoulder, as the Chancellor struggles to join him.

46 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ARTOO continues to skid and slide toward open space. He swerves around boxes and wrecked fighters. One of the BATTLE DROIDS stumbles and is consumed by the electronic shield in a zap. ARTOO BEEPS a reply as he dodges the laser blasts of the BATTLE DROIDS. One bolt hits very near him, and he SCREAMS in terror.

47 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

PILOT: Magnetize! Magnetize!

48 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ARTOO is about to be overtaken by a starfighter sliding behind him. He falls into a heap of broken battle droid parts and the fighter bounces over him.

49 EXT. SPACE-CORUSCANT

The TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER heads straight down toward the planet.

50 INT. ELEVATOR LOBBY-GENERAL'S QUARTERS-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ANAKIN jumps into the horizontal elevator shaft with OBI-WAN still on his shoulder.

ANAKIN: We can't wait. Come on, we have to be fast.

PALPATINE climbs into the elevator shaft also. They start running. The ship begins to roll again, and the Jedi and the Chancellor are forced to jump from one side of the elevator to the other.

51 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Fire the emergency booster engines.

PILOT: Leveling out, sir.

52 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT ON SIDE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ANAKIN still carrying OBI-WAN on his back, and PALPATINE run down the elevator shaft as it starts to move upright. ANAKIN cuts a control box on one of the doors, but before the doors can open, the ship moves to an angle, causing ANAKIN and PALPATINE to start sliding down the shaft. ANAKIN grabs some wires in the control box with one hand. PALPATINE grabs onto the Jedi's leg. As the ship rights itself, they are left hanging in the bottomless elevator shaft.

53 INT. ELEVATOR SHAFT, VERTICAL-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ANAKIN, OBI-WAN, and PALPATINE hang precariously on the side of the bottomless elevator shaft. OBI-WAN regains consciousness and tries to look around.

ANAKIN: Easy. . . . We're in a bit of a situation.

OBI-WAN: Did I miss something?

OBI-WAN looks down and sees PALPATINE and the bottomless pit. They hear ARTOO BEEPING on Obi-Wan's comlink. The ship begins to roll, causing the vertical shaft to move into a forty-five-degree angle. They hear the elevator brakes release and look up to see the elevator heading toward them.

ANAKINN: Hold on.

OBI-WAN: What is that?

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN look up to watch the elevator approach them at high speed, then OBI-WAN turns to ANAKIN.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Oops.

ANAKIN: Artoo, Artoo, shut down the elevator!

OBI-WAN: Too late! Jump!

They fall about three hundred feet before the tilt of the ship catches up with them, and they hit the side of the shaft and slide at great speed just ahead of the elevator. The shaft continues to rotate until it is completely horizontal.
ANAKIN and OBI-WAN take out and throw grappling hooks. The hooks catch and they continue to fall. All the doors in the elevator shaft open up, and the group swings through the open door into a hallway. The elevator roars by.

54 INT. ELEVATOR LOBBY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

ANAKIN, OBI-WAN, and PALPATINE fly through the elevator door and land.

OBI-WAN: Let's see if we can find something in the hangar bay that's still flyable. Come on.

ANAKIN: Artoo, get down here. Artoo, do you copy?

55 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

As the Federation Cruiser continues to rotate, ARTOO SQUEALS and pokes a periscope out of a pile of broken BATTLE DROID PARTS. He looks around then rockets up out of the debris.

56 INT. HALLWAY TO HANGAR BAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN lead PALPATINE down a hallway toward the hangar bay.

57 INT. DOORWAY TO HANGAR BAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

It is extremely windy as bits and pieces are continually sucked into space. The hangar bay doors are closed, but great stresses are being exerted as the ship twists, re-entering the atmosphere of Coruscant. They stop in a doorway leading into the hangar bay.

OBI-WAN: None of those ships will get us anywhere.

ANAKIN: I agree.

PALPATINE: What are we going to do?

ANAKIN: I don't know.

OBI-WAN: Don't look at me. I don't know.

ANAKIN and PALPATINE both look to OBI-WAN. He shrugs his shoulders. Anakin's Fighter has been sucked out of the hangar bay and is totaled. Suddenly, the ship turns on its side.

ANAKIN: Here, Chancellor, lock this around your waist, and hold on.

OBI-WAN: We'll head toward the bridge and see if we can find an escape pod.

ANAKIN hands PALPATINE the end of a cable that is attached to his utility belt. PALPATINE attaches it around his waist. ANAKIN and OBI-WAN throw their utility cables to some pipes in the ceiling and swing to a second set of pipes.

58 INT. MAIN HANGAR-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

OBI-WAN grabs onto the pipes that run along what was the ceiling and is now the wall. As he moves out into the hangar, TWO SUPER BATTLE DROIDS start firing at him. The Jedi ignites his lightsaber and deflects the bolts back at the DROIDS, blowing them up. ANAKIN and PALPATINE follow OBI-WAN along the pipes running along the ceiling of the hangar. PALPATINE struggles against the escaping air of the pressurized hangar. PALPATINE loses his grip as a pipe breaks, causing a rush of steam, but ANAKIN manages to maintain his grasp on the pipe as the CHANCELLOR dangles on the other end of the utility cable. They are surrounded by SPARKS and EXPLOSIONS as the ship twists and tries to break apart. ANAKIN moves out of the steam and struggles to pull PALPATINE back to safety. ANAKIN is almost pulled loose in the buffeting winds. The ceiling behind them buckles, causing pipes to break, creating geysers of steam. Some bits of pipe go hurling into the blast doors and out into space. They make it through a hangar doorway and close it behind them.

59 INT. HANGAR DOORWAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

OBI-WAN, ANAKIN and PALPATINE are out of breath.

ANAKIN/OBI-WAN: Well, that was close.

They laugh.

60 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

BODYGUARD: General, we found the Jedi. They're in hallway 328.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Activate ray shields.

61 INT. HALLWAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

They run down the hallway. Suddenly, ray shields drop around them, putting them in an electronic box in the middle of the hallway.

ANAKIN: Ray shields!

OBI-WAN takes a deep breath to express his total disappointment.

OBI-WAN: Wait a minute, how'd this happen! We're smarter than this.

ANAKIN: Apparently not, Master. This is the oldest trap in the book . . . Well ... I was distracted.

OBI-WAN: Oh, so all of a sudden it's my fault.

ANAKIN: You're the Master. I'm just a hero.

OBI-WAN: I'm open to suggestions here.

PALPATINE: Why don't we let them take us to General Grievous. Perhaps with Count Dooku's demise, we can negotiate our release.

The Jedi look at each other in disbelief.

ANAKIN: I say . . . patience.

OBI-WAN: Patience! That's your plan, is it?

ANAKIN: Yes, Artoo will be along in a few moments and he'll release the ray shields . . .

ARTOO comes skidding across the hallway and bashes into the opposite wall. He takes a moment to compose himself.

ANAKIN: (continuing) See! No problem.

Suddenly several doorways open, revealing TWO DESTROYER DROIDS. SIXTEEN SUPER BATTLE DROIDS emerge from behind the DESTROYER DROIDS.
ARTOO turns and zaps one of the SUPER BATTLE DROIDS who then kicks ARTOO over.

SUPER BATTLE DROID: Don't move, dummy. Ouch! Zap this.

OBI-WAN: Do you have a plan B?

62 EXT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

OBI-WAN, ANAKIN PALPATINE, and ARTOO are captured by GENERAL GRIEVOUS. They stand before the ALIEN DROID GENERAL.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Oh yes. General Kenobi, the Negotiator. We've been waiting for you. That wasn't much of a rescue.

A BATTLE DROID walks to GENERAL GRIEVOUS and hands him the JEDI'S lightsabers.

OBI-WAN: That depends upon your point of view. Hah!

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: And Anakin Skywalker ... I was expecting someone with your reputation to be a little older.

ANAKIN: General Grievous . . . Supreme Commander of the Droid Armies. You're shorter than I expected.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Ahhhh, Jedi scum . . .

OBI-WAN: Anakin, try not to upset him. We have a job to do.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Your lightsabers will make a fine addition to my collection.

OBI-WAN: Not this time. And this time you won't escape.

ANAKIN: Artoo.

ARTOO creates a distraction by extending all his arms, shooting out electrical pulses, and bouncing around.
OBI-WAN, hands restrained with electrobonds, spins around, reaches out and, using the Force, yanks his lightsaber out of the General's hand, ignites it, and cuts his bonds. He continues to spin around and cuts Anakin free.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Crush them! Make them suffer!

ANAKIN uses the Force to yank his lightsaber out of the General's hand.

The DROIDS that surround them begin to FIRE. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN jump into the line of fire. The bridge degenerates into chaos. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN are locked in a pitched battle between electro staffs and laser swords with GENERAL GRIEVOUS's TWO BODYGUARDS.

CHANCELLOR PALPATINE is taken away by two BATTLE DROIDS. GENERAL GRIEVOUS walks around the bridge directing the BATTLE DROIDS.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Stay and watch your stations.

OBI-WAN fights one of General Grievous's BODYGUARDS. The BODYGUARD carries an electrified staff about five feet long. When the laser sword hits it, electrical bolts fly everywhere and surround the laser sword. OBI-WAN is unable to cut the staff. The Jedi gets whacked pretty good a couple of times and is knocked halfway across the bridge.
OBI-WAN pulls himself together and attacks again, cutting off the DROID BODYGUARD'S head. The DROID BODYGUARD keeps attacking. ANAKIN struggles to defend himself against the other manic DROID BODYGUARD. He cuts the DROID BODYGUARD in half. TWO BATTLE DROIDS try to take the CHANCELLOR away.
ANAKIN follows them down the hallway and cuts them down, rescuing the Chancellor.
OBI-WAN finishes off the headless BODYGUARD. It crumbles to the floor in pieces.
ALARMS SOUND as the giant spacecraft begins to list and fall out of orbit. A PILOT yells at GENERAL GRIEVOUS.

PILOT: Sir, we are falling out of orbit. All aft control cells are dead.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Stay on course . . . Don't bother with them. Keep the ship in orbit.

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN destroy the remaining DROIDS. GENERAL GRIEVOUS retrieves one of the BODYGUARD'S staffs and faces OBI-WAN. ANAKIN leaps over a console and lands behind GENERAL GRIEVOUS.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: You lose, General Kenobi.

One of the PILOTS stands next to the General.

PILOT: The ship is breaking up!

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: We've run out of time.

OBI-WAN tries to get at GENERAL GRIEVOUS. ANAKIN runs at the General from the opposing side. GENERAL GRIEVOUS turns and throws his electrified staff at the window. It breaks, causing chaos as everything that is not nailed down is sucked into space. GENERAL GRIEVOUS is the first one sucked out into space. He fires a cable from his arm that attaches to the ship. He swings in and lands firmly on the side of the ship.
OBI-WAN, ANAKIN, and PALPATINE hold on for dear life. A blast shield closes around where the window used to be.

63 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

OBI-WAN continues to fight the BATTLE DROIDS. The DROIDS have backed him into a corner. OBI-WAN hides behind a control panel as the DROIDS blast away at him. He jumps up and over the DROIDS, cutting most of them down before he lands. He destroys the DROIDS and joins ANAKIN.
ANAKIN and OBI-WAN cut through the rest of the DROIDS as if they were made of butter. PALPATINE stands in shock as he watches the carnage. Droid parts are firing everywhere. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN stand back to back and cut down the last of the DROIDS just as there is a huge shudder, followed by more alarms. SPARKS begin to fly outside the windows.

PALPATINE: The hull is burning up!

64 EXT. HULL-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER-SPACE

GENERAL GRIEVOUS detaches his cable and crawls along the exterior hull of the Federation Cruiser, using his magnetized hands and feet. He reaches a row of escape pods and enters an airlock.

65 INT. POD BAY-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER-SPACE

GENERAL GRIEVOUS enters the escape pod bay through the hatch. The Droid General goes to a control panel and opens an escape pod.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Time to abandon ship.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS pulls a row of switches, and one by one the escape pods are jettisoned.

66 INT. ESCAPE POD-SPACE

He gets in one, the hatch closes, and the escape pod blasts away from the damaged Cruiser.

67 INT. BRIDGE-TRADE FEDERATION CRUISER

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN go over to the navigator's chair.

ANAKIN: All the escape pods have been launched.

OBI-WAN: Grievous. Can you fly a cruiser like this?

ANAKIN: You mean, do I know how to land what's left of this thing?

ANAKIN sits in the pilot's chair and sees on a screen the back half of the ship break away. There is a great jolt, and the ship tilts forward.

OBI-WAN: Well?

ANAKIN: Under the circumstances, I'd say the ability to pilot this thing is irrelevant. Strap yourselves in.

OBI-WAN and PALPATINE strap themselves into chairs. ANAKIN struggles with the controls of the ship. The ship starts to glow, and pieces break off. ARTOO moves in on Palpatine 's controls and assists in flying the cruiser.

OBI-WAN: Steady . . . Attitude . . . eighteen degrees.

ARTOO beeps.

ANAKIN: Pressure rising. We've got to slow this wreck down. Open all hatches, extend all flaps, and drag fins.

OBI-WAN: Temp steady. Hatches open, flaps extended, drag fins . . .

A large part of the ship breaks away.

ANAKIN: We lost something.

OBI-WAN: Not to worry, we're still flying half the ship.

ANAKIN: Now we're really picking up speed . . . I'm going to shift a few degrees and see if I can slow us down.

OBI-WAN: Careful . . . we're heating up-twelve thousand . . . thirteen thousand . . .

ANAKIN: What's our speed?

OBI-WAN: Eight plus sixty-forty. Eight plus sixty-twenty. Eight plus sixty. Temp ten thousand, nine thousand . . . we're in the atmosphere . . .

ANAKIN points to one of the controls. ARTOO beeps madly.

ANAKIN: Grab that . . . Keep us level.

OBI-WAN: Steady. Steady.

ANAKIN: Easy, Artoo. Hang on, this may get a little rough. We lost our heat shields.

OBI-WAN: Five thousand. Three thousand . . . two thousand. Fireships on the left and the right.

FlRESHIP PILOT: We'll take you in.

OBI-WAN: Copy that. Landing strip's straight ahead.

ANAKIN: We're coming in too hot.

OBI-WAN: Easy-easy.

The ship leaves a contrail as it streaks across the Coruscant skyline. PALPATINE and OBI-WAN hold on for dear life as the ship shakes and rattles toward an industrial landing platform.

68 EXT. CORUSCANT-INDUSTRIAL LANDING PLATFORM-AFTERNOON

A large landing platform in the industrial part of the city is surrounded by Emergency Fire Speeders. The smoking ship approaches as five Fireships spray it with foam. The ship finally makes a rather hard landing.

OBI-WAN: Another happy landing.

69 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-LANDING PLATFORM-LATE AFTERNOON

The small Jedi Shuttle carrying PALPATINE and the JEDI arrives at the landing platform. There are a DOZEN SENATORS, including BAIL ORGANA, JAR JAR BINKS, and C-3PO, waiting for them. PALPATINE, R2-D2, and ANAKIN get out. OBI-WAN and MACE stay in the doorway of the Jedi Shuttle.

ANAKIN: (to Obi-Wan) Are you coming, Master?

OBI-WAN: Oh no. I'm not brave enough for politics. I have to report to the Council. Besides, someone needs to be the poster boy.

ANAKIN: Hold on, this whole operation was your idea. You planned it. You led the rescue operation. You have to be the one to take the bows this time.

OBI-WAN: Sorry, old friend. Let us not forget that you rescued me from the Buzz Droids. And you killed Count Dooku. And you rescued the Chancellor, carrying me unconscious on your back, and you managed to land that bucket of bolts safely . . .

ANAKIN: All because of your training, Master. You deserve all those speeches of your greatness.

OBI-WAN: . . . the endless speeches . . . Anakin, let's be fair. Today, you are the hero and you deserve your glorious day with the politicians.

ANAKIN: All right. But you owe me . . . and not for saving your skin for the tenth time . . .

OBI-WAN: Ninth time . . . that business on Cato Nemoidia doesn't count. I'll see you at the briefing.

ANAKIN smiles and walks away from OBI-WAN.
The CHANCELLOR and his entourage approach MACE.

MACE WlNDU: Chancellor Palpatine, what a welcome sight! Are you all right?

PALPATINE: Yes, thanks to your two Jedi Knights. They killed Count Dooku, but General Grievous has escaped once again.

MACE WlNDU: General Grievous will run and hide as he always does. He is a coward.

PALPATINE: That maybe true, but with Count Dooku dead, he is the leader of the Droid Army, and I assure you, the Senate will vote to continue the war as long as Grievous is alive.

MACE WlNDU: Then the Jedi Council will make finding Grievous our highest priority.

BAIL, ANAKIN, and the crowd walk away from the platform toward the Senate Building Grand Hallway.

BAIL ORGANA: Skywalker, the Republic cannot praise you enough.

ANAKIN and BAIL ORGANA, walking in the hallway.

ANAKIN: Thank you, Senator Organa. The kidnapping was a bold move by the Separatists, but it was a mistake that Obi-Wan and I were able to take advantage of.

ARTOO and THREEPIO follow behind the crowd.

C-3PO: It couldn't possibly be as bad as all that.

ARTOO beeps.

C-3PO: (continuing) Well, there, I agree with you. In fact, I could do with a tune-up myself.

70 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-MAIN HALLWAY-LATE AFTERNOON

ANAKIN is at the back of the crowd of SENATORS, talking with BAIL ORGANA. R2-D2 and C-3PO scoot along ahead of them.

BAIL ORGANA: The end of Count Dooku will surely bring an end to this war, and an end to the Chancellor's draconian security measures.

ANAKIN: I wish that were so, but the fighting is going to continue until General Grievous is spare parts . . . The Chancellor is very clear about that.

Behind a row of large columns, a SHADOWY FIGURE follows the JEDI and the SENATOR. ANAKIN senses the figure.

BAIL ORGANA: I'll do everything I can with the Senate.

ANAKIN: Excuse me.

BAIL ORGANA: Certainly.

ANAKIN stops, and BAIL goes off after PALPATINE and the others. ANAKIN goes behind one of the giant columns to meet up with the SHADOWY FIGURE, who is revealed to be SENATOR PADME AMDALA. They embrace and kiss.

PADME: Oh, Anakin! Thank goodness, you're back.

ANAKIN: I missed you, Padme. I've missed you so.

PADME: There were whispers . . . that you'd been killed. I've been living with unbearable dread.

ANAKIN: I'm back, I'm all right. It feels like we've been apart for a lifetime. And it might have been ... If the Chancellor hadn't been kidnapped. I don't think they would have ever brought us back from the Outer Rim sieges.

ANAKIN starts to give her another kiss. She steps back.

PADME: Wait, not here . . .

He grabs her again.

ANAKIN: Yes, here! I'm tired of all this deception. I don't care if they know we're married.

PADME: Anakin, don't say things like that. You're important to the Republic ... to ending this war. I love you more than anything, but I won't let you give up your life as a Jedi for me . . .

ANAKIN: I've given my life to the Jedi order, but I'd only give up my life, for you.

PADME: (playfully) I wouldn't like that. I wouldn't like that one bit. Patience, my handsome Jedi . . . Come to me later.

ANAKIN embraces her, then looks at her.

ANAKIN: Are you all right? You're trembling. What's going on?

PADME: I'm just excited to see you.

ANAKIN: That's not it. I sense more . . . what is it?

PADME: Nothing . . . nothing . . .

ANAKIN: You're frightened. (a little angry) Tell me what's going on!

PADME begins to cry.

PADME: You've been gone five months . . . it's been very hard for me. I've never felt so alone. There's . . .

ANAKIN: . . . Is there someone else?

PADME: (peeved, angry) No! Why do you think that? Your jealousy upsets me so much, Anakin. I do nothing to betray you, yet you still don't trust me. Nothing has changed.

ANAKIN: (sheepish) I'm afraid of losing you, Padme . . . that's all.

PADME: I will never stop loving you, Anakin. My only fear is losing you.

ANAKIN: It's just that I've never seen you like this . . .

PADME: Something wonderful has happened.

They look at each other for a long moment.

PADME: (continuing) I'm . . . Annie, I'm pregnant.

ANAKIN is stunned. He thinks through all of the ramifications of this. He takes her in his arms.

ANAKIN: That's . . . that's wonderful.

PADME: What are we going to do?

ANAKIN: We're not going to worry about anything right now, all right? This is a happy moment. The happiest moment of my life.

71 EXT. UTAPAU-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

A small NEIMOIDIAN SHUTTLE lands. BATTLE DROIDS surround the ramp as GENERAL GRIEVOUS descends onto the platform. SUPER BATTLE DROID G21 approaches.

SUPER BATTLE DROID G21: The planet is secure, sir. The population is under control.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Good. Where is the Separatist Council?

SUPER BATTLE DROID G21: This way, sir ...

GENERAL GRIEVOUS takes the elevator to an upper level. He enters a conference room and presses a series of buttons on the table, and bows.

72 INT. UTAPAU-CONFERENCE ROOM-GRAND CHAMBER-DAY

A hologram of Darth Sidious appears.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Yes, Lord Sidious.

DARTH SlDIOUS: General Grievous, I suggest you move the Separatist leaders to Mustafar.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: It will be done, My Lord.

DARTH SlDIOUS: The end of the war is near, General, and I promise you, victory is assured.

The hologram of Sidious talks to GRIEVOUS about the death of Count Dooku.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: But the loss of Count Dooku?

DARTH SlDIOUS: His death was a necessary loss, which will ensure our victory. Soon I will have a new apprentice . . . one far younger and more powerful than Lord Tyranus.

73 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-TWILIGHT

PADME stands in the balcony brushing her hair. ANAKIN leans against the wall, watching her lovingly.

ANAKIN: . . . every second I was thinking of you. Protecting the endless, nameless Outer Rim settlements became a torture . . . the battles were easy, the longing became unbearable . . . I've never been so happy as I am at this moment.

PADME: Annie, I want to have our baby back home on Naboo. We could go to the lake country where no one would know . . . where we would be safe. I could go early-and fix up the baby's room. I know the perfect spot, right by the gardens.

ANAKIN: You are so beautiful!

PADME: It's only because I'm so in love . . .

ANAKIN: No, it's because I'm so in love with you.

PADME: So love has blinded you?

ANAKIN: Well, that's not exactly what I meant . . .

PADME: But it's probably true!

They laugh.

ANAKIN: I haven't laughed in so long . . .

PADME: Neither have I.

74 INT. POLIS MASSA-MEDICAL CENTER-DREAM

The view is strangely distorted and disorienting. PADME is on a table in an alien medical chamber. She is giving birth and is screaming.

PADME: Anakin, help me! Help, Anakin! Anakin, I love you. I love you.

She screams and dies.

75 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-BEDROOM-NIGHT

ANAKIN awakens in a panic. He is covered in sweat. He looks over in the bed and sees PADME sound asleep next to him. ANAKIN gets out from under the sheets and sits on the side of the bed. He is breathing heavily. He puts his head in his hands and weeps. He regains his composure and leaves the room down a set of stairs. PADME awakens, realizes Anakin is gone.

PADME: Anakin??

She gets out of bed and goes downstairs to look for him.

76 EXT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-VERANDA-NIGHT

ANAKIN walks down a flight of stairs onto a large veranda. The vast city planet of Coruscant, smoldering from the battle, is spread out before him. He is distraught.
PADME descends the stairs and joins ANAKIN on the veranda. She takes his hand. He doesn't look at her.

PADME: What's bothering you?

ANAKIN: Nothing . . .

ANAKIN touches the japor snippet around PADME'S neck, that Anakin gave her when he was a small boy.

ANAKIN: (continuing) I remember when I gave this to you.

PADME: Anakin, how long is it going to take for us to be honest with each other?

ANAKIN: It was a dream.

PADME: Bad?

ANAKIN: Like the ones I used to have about my mother just before she died.

PADME: And?

ANAKIN: It was about you.

They look at each other. A moment of concern passes between them.

PADME: Tell me.

ANAKIN: It was only a dream.

PADME gives him a long, worried look. ANAKIN takes a deep breath.

ANAKIN: (continuing) You die in childbirth . . .

PADME: And the baby?

ANAKIN: I don't know.

PADME: It was only a dream.

ANAKIN takes PADME in his arms.

ANAKIN: . . . I won't let this one become real, Padme.

They embrace, then part.

PADME: Anakin, this baby will change our lives. I doubt the Queen will continue to allow me to serve in the Senate, and if the Council discovers you are the father, you will be expelled from the Jedi Order.

ANAKIN: I know .

PADME: Anakin, do you think Obi-Wan might be able to help us?

ANAKIN: (suspicious) Have you told him anything?

PADME: No, but he's your mentor, your best friend . . . he must suspect something.

ANAKIN: He's been a father to me, but he's still on the Council. Don't tell him anything!

PADME: I won't, Anakin.

ANAKIN: I don't need his help . . . Our baby is a blessing, not a problem.

77 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-YODAS QUARTERS-DAY

YODA and ANAKIN sit in Yoda 's room, deep in thought.

YODA: Premonitions . . . premonitions . . . Hmmmm . . . these visions you have . . .

ANAKIN: They are of pain, suffering, death . . .

YODA: Yourself you speak of, or someone you know?

ANAKIN: Someone . . .

YODA: . . . close to you?

ANAKIN: Yes.

YODA: Careful you must be when sensing the future, Anakin. The fear of loss is a path to the dark side.

ANAKIN: I won't let these visions come true, Master Yoda.

YODA: Death is a natural part of life. Rejoice for those around you who transform into the Force. Mourn them, do not. Miss them, do not. Attachment leads to jealousy. The shadow of greed, that is.

ANAKIN: What must I do, Master Yoda?

YODA: Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose.

78 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-HALLWAY-DAY

ANAKIN hurries down a temple hallway, heading toward a Jedi Briefing Room. SEVERAL JEDI are exiting.

79 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-BRIEFING ROOM-DAY

ANAKIN rushes into the Briefing Room. By the time he reaches the Chamber, the last of the Jedi are leaving. Only OBI-WAN remains at the front of the lecture hall. He is shutting off some holograms and electronic charts and maps.

OBI-WAN: You missed the report on the Outer Rim sieges.

ANAKIN: I'm sorry, I was held up. I have no excuse.

OBI-WAN: In short, they are going very well. Saleucami has fallen, and Master Vos has moved his troops to Boz Pity.

ANAKIN: What's wrong then?

OBI-WAN: The Senate is expected to vote more executive powers to the Chancellor today.

ANAKIN: Well, that can only mean less deliberating and more action. Is that bad? It will make it easier for us to end this war.

OBI-WAN: Anakin, be careful of your friend Palpatine.

ANAKIN: Be careful of what?

OBI-WAN: He has requested your presence.

ANAKIN: What for?

OBI-WAN: He would not say.

ANAKIN: He didn't inform the Jedi Council? That's unusual, isn't it?

OBI-WAN: All of this is unusual, and it's making me feel uneasy. You're probably aware that relations between the Council and the Chancellor are stressed.

ANAKIN: I know the Council has grown wary of the Chancellor's power, mine also for that matter. Aren't we all working together to save the Republic? Why all this distrust?

OBI-WAN: The Force grows dark, Anakin, and we are all affected by it. Be wary of your feelings.

80 INT. CORUSCANT-CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE-DAY

ANAKIN stands with PALPATINE at his window overlooking the vastness of Coruscant. Several buildings have been destroyed. A brown haze hangs over the landscape.

PALPATINE: Anakin, this afternoon the Senate is going to call on me to take direct control of the Jedi Council.

ANAKIN: The Jedi will no longer report to the Senate?

PALPATINE: They will report to me . . . personally. The Senate is too unfocused to conduct a war. This will bring a quick end to things.

ANAKIN: I agree, but the Jedi Council may not see it that way.

PALPATINE: There are times when we must all endure adjustments to the constitution in the name of security.

ANAKIN: With all due respect, sir, the Council is in no mood for more constitutional amendments.

PALPATINE: Thank you, my friend, but in this case I have no choice . . . this war must be won.

ANAKIN: Everyone will agree on that.

PALPATINE: Anakin, I've known you since you were a small boy. I have advised you over the years when I could ... I am very proud of your accomplishments. You have won many battles the Jedi Council thought were lost . . . and you saved my life. I hope you trust me, Anakin.

ANAKIN: Of course.

PALPATINE: I need your help, son.

ANAKIN: What do you mean?

PALPATINE: I fear the Jedi. The Council keeps pushing for more control. They're shrouded in secrecy and obsessed with maintaining their autonomy . . . ideals. I find simply incomprehensible in a democracy.

ANAKIN: I can assure you that the Jedi are dedicated to the values of the Republic, sir.

PALPATINE: Nevertheless, their actions will speak more loudly than their words. I'm depending on you.

ANAKIN: For what? I don't understand.

PALPATINE: To be the eyes, ears, and voice of the Republic . . .

ANAKIN thinks about this.

PALPATINE: (continuing) Anakin . . . I'm appointing you to be my personal representative on the Jedi Council.

ANAKIN: Me? A Master? I am overwhelmed, sir, but the Council elects its own members. They will never accept this.

PALPATINE: I think they will . . . they need you more than you know.

81 INT. CORUSCANT-BAIL ORGANA'S OFFICE-DAY

PADME, BAIL ORGANA, and SENATORS MON MOTHMA, FANG ZAR, TERR TANEEL, and GIDDEAN DANU sit in Senator Organa 's office.

BAIL ORGANA: Now that he has control of the Jedi Council, the Chancellor has appointed Governors to oversee all star systems in the Republic.

FANG ZAR: When did this happen?

BAIL ORGANA: The decree was posted this morning.

PADME: Do you think he will dismantle the Senate?

MON MOTHMA: Why bother? As a practical matter, the Senate no longer exists.

GIDDEAN DANU: The constitution is in shreds. Amendment after amendment . . . executive directives, sometimes a dozen in one day.

BAIL ORGANA: We can't let a thousand years of democracy disappear without a fight.

EVERYONE looks at each other, a little worried at the implications of what was just said.

TERR TANEEL: What are you suggesting?

BAIL ORGANA: I apologize. I didn't mean to sound like a Separatist.

MON MOTHMA: We are not Separatists trying to leave the Republic. We are loyalists, trying to preserve democracy in the Republic.

BAIL ORGANA: It has become increasingly clear to many of us that the Chancellor has become an enemy of democracy.

PADME: I can't believe it has come to this! Chancellor Palpatine is one of my oldest advisors. He served as my Ambassador when I was Queen.

GlDDEAN DANU: Senator, I fear you underestimate the amount of corruption that has taken hold in the Senate.

MON MOTHMA: The Chancellor has played the Senators well. They know where the power lies, and they will do whatever it takes to share in it. Palpatine has become a dictator and we have helped him to do it.

BAIL ORGANA: We can't sit around debating any longer, we have decided to do what we can to stop it. Senator Mon Mothma and I are putting together an organization . . .

PADME: Say no more. Senator Organa. I understand. At this point, it's better to leave some things unsaid.

BAIL ORGANA: Yes. I agree and we must not discuss this with anyone, without everyone in this group agreeing.

MON MOTHMA: That means those closest to you . . . even family ... no one can be told.

They ALL nod their heads. PADME considers this for a moment.

PADME: Agreed.

82 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-HALLWAY OUTSIDE COUNCIL CHAMBERS-DAY

ANAKIN stands pensively in front of the Jedi Council Chambers. The door opens.

83 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-COUNCIL CHAMBERS-DAY

ANAKIN enters and stands in the middle of the room. He is surrounded by the Jedi Council MACE WINDU, EETH KOTH OBI-WAN, YODA, the HOLOGRAMS of PLO KOON and KI-ADI-MUNDI.

MACE: Anakin Skywalker, we have approved your appointment to the Council as the Chancellor's personal representative.

ANAKIN: I will do my best to uphold the principles of the Jedi Order.

YODA: Allow this appointment lightly, the Council does not. Disturbing is this move by Chancellor Palpatine.

ANAKIN: I understand.

MACE: You are on this Council, but we do not grant you the rank of Master.

Anakin reacts with anger.

ANAKIN: What? ! How can you do this?? This is outrageous, it's unfair . . . I'm more powerful than any of you. How can you be on the Council and not be a Master?

MACE: Take a seat, young Skywalker.

ANAKIN: Forgive me, Master.

ANAKIN goes and sits in one of the empty chairs. Everyone is embarrassed. KI-ADI-MUNDI WHO APPEARS AS A HOLOGRAM, speaks.

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: We have surveyed all systems in the Republic, and have found no sign of General Grievous.

YODA: Hiding in the Outer Rim, Grievous is. The outlying systems, you must sweep.

OBI-WAN: It may take some time . . . we do not have many ships to spare.

MACE: We cannot take ships from the front line.

OBI-WAN: And yet, it would be fatal for us to allow the droid armies to regroup.

YODA: Master Kenobi, our spies contact, you must, and then wait.

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: What about the droid attack on the Wookiees?

MACE: It is critical we send an attack group there, immediately!

OBI-WAN: He's right, that is a system we cannot afford to lose. It's the main navigation route for the southwestern quadrant.

ANAKIN: I know that system well. It would take us little time to drive the droids off that planet.

MACE: Skywalker, your assignment is here with the Chancellor, and Kenobi must find General Grievous.

YODA: Go, I will. Good relations with the Wookiees, I have.

MACE: It is settled then. Yoda will take a battalion of clones to reinforce the Wookiees on Kashyyyk. May the Force be with us all.

ANAKIN is disappointed.

84 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-MASSIVE MAIN HALLWAY AND ALCOVE-LATE AFTERNOON

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN walk through one of the massive Jedi Temple hallways. ANAKIN is furious.

ANAKIN: What kind of nonsense is this, put me on the Council and not make me a Master!?? That's never been done in the history of the Jedi. It's insulting!

OBI-WAN: Calm down, Anakin. You have been given a great honor. To be on the Council at your age . . . It's never happened before. Listen to me, Anakin. The fact of the matter is you're too close to the Chancellor. The Council doesn't like it when he interferes in Jedi affairs.

ANAKIN: I swear to you, I didn't ask to be put on the Council . . .

OBI-WAN: But it's what you wanted! Your friendship with Chancellor Palpatine seems to have paid off.

ANAKIN: That has nothing to do with this.

OBI-WAN: Anakin, regardless of how it happened, you find yourself in a delicate situation.

ANAKIN: You mean divided loyalties.

OBI-WAN: I warned you there was tension between the Council and the Chancellor. I was very clear. Why didn't you listen? You walked right into it.

ANAKIN: The Council is upset I'm the youngest to ever serve.

OBI-WAN: No, it is not. Anakin, I worry when you speak of jealousy and pride. Those are not Jedi thoughts. They're dangerous, dark thoughts.

ANAKIN: Master, you of all people should have confidence in my abilities. I know where my loyalties lie.

OBI-WAN: I hope so . . .

ANAKIN: I sense there's more to this talk than you're saying.

OBI-WAN: Anakin, the only reason the Council has approved your appointment is because the Chancellor trusts you.

ANAKIN: And?

OBI-WAN: Anakin, look, I am on your side. I didn't want to see you put in this situation.

ANAKIN: What situation?

OBI-WAN: (takes a deep breath) The Council wants you to report on all of the Chancellor's dealings. They want to know what he's up to.

ANAKIN: They want me to spy on the Chancellor? That's treason!

OBI-WAN: We are at war, Anakin. The Jedi Council is sworn to uphold the principles of the Republic, even if the Chancellor does not.

ANAKIN: Why didn't the Council give me this assignment when we were in session?

OBI-WAN: This assignment is not to be on record. The Council asked me to approach you on this personally.

ANAKIN: The Chancellor is not a bad man, Obi-Wan. He befriended me. He's watched out for me ever since I arrived here.

OBI-WAN: That is why you must help us, Anakin. Our allegiance is to the Senate, not to its leader who has managed to stay in office long after his term has expired.

ANAKIN: Master, the Senate demanded that he stay longer.

OBI-WAN: Yes, but use your feelings, Anakin. Something is out of place.

ANAKIN: You're asking me to do something against the Jedi Code. Against the Republic. Against a mentor . . . and a friend. That's what's out of place here. Why are you asking this of me?

OBI-WAN: The Council is asking you.

85 EXT. CORUSCANT-CLONE LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

A JEDI GUNSHIP heads for the huge Clone landing platform.

86 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI GUNSHIP-DAY

YODA, MACE, and OBI-WAN ride in the GUNSHIP as it heads for the Clone landing platform. Mace and Obi-Wan are sitting.

OBI-WAN : Anakin did not take to his assignment with much enthusiasm.

YODA: Too much under the sway of the Chancellor, he is. Much anger there is in him. Too much pride in his powers.

MACE: It's very dangerous, putting them together. I don't think the boy can handle it. I don't trust him.

OBI-WAN: He'll be all right. I trust him with my life.

MACE:I wish I did.

OBI-WAN: With all due respect, Master, is he not the Chosen One? Is he not to destroy the Sith and bring balance to the Force?

MACE: So the prophecy says.

YODA: A prophecy . . . that misread could have been.

OBI-WAN: He will not let me down. He never has.

YODA: I hope right you are. And now destroy the Droid armies on Kashyyyk, I will. May the Force be with you.

The GUNSHIP lands and the ramp lowers. YODA exits the GUNSHIP. MACE and OBI-WAN stand and give him a brief bow then take off in the GUNSHIP.

87 EXT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-VERANDA-SUNSET

Padme's Speeder pulls up to the landing platform. CAPTAIN TYPHO escorts PADME onto the veranda, where TWO HANDMAIDENS (ELLE and MOTEE) are waiting. PADME turns to CAPTAIN TYPHO.

PADME: Thank you, Captain.

CAPTAIN TYPHO: Rest well. My Lady.

CAPTAIN TYPHO gets back into the Speeder, and it disappears into the cityscape. The HANDMAIDENS, Motee and Elle, approach PADME as the SHADOW OF A FIGURE moves in the background. C-3PO is standing nearby.

PADME: I'll be up in a while.

MOTEE: Yes, my lady.

C-3PO stands, confused, as the HANDMAIDENS turn and exit.

C-3PO: Is there anything I might do for you, my lady?

PADME: Yes, make sure all the security droids are working. Thank you, Threepio.

The golden droid turns and exits.

PADME stands and watches the sunset. The SHADOWY FIGURE moves toward her. She senses something.

ANAKIN: Beautiful, isn't it?

PADME jumps and turns around.

PADME: You startled me.

He sits next to her on the bench.

ANAKIN: How are you feeling?

PADME: He keeps kicking.

ANAKIN: He?! Why do you think it's a boy?

PADME: (laughs) My motherly intuition.

She puts his hand on her belly.

ANAKIN: Whoa! With a kick that strong, it's got to be a girl.

They laugh.

PADME: I heard about your appointment. Anakin. I'm so proud of you.

ANAKIN: I may be on the Council, but . . . they refused to accept me as a Jedi Master.

PADME: Patience. In time, they will recognize your skills.

ANAKIN: They still treat me as if I were a Padawan learner. . . they fear my power, that's the problem.

PADME: Anakin . . .

ANAKIN: Sometimes, I wonder what's happening to the Jedi Order . . . I think this war is destroying the principles of the Republic.

PADME: Have you ever considered that we may be on the wrong side?

ANAKIN: (suspicious) What do you mean?

PADME: What if the democracy we thought we were serving no longer exists, and the Republic has become the very evil we have been fighting to destroy?

ANAKIN: I don't believe that. And you're sounding like a Separatist!

PADME: Anakin, this war represents a failure to listen . . . Now, you're closer to the Chancellor than anyone. Please, please ask him to stop the fighting and let diplomacy resume.

ANAKIN: (growing angry) Don't ask me to do that, Padme. Make a motion in the Senate, where that kind of a request belongs. I'm not your errand boy. I'm not anyone's errand boy!

PADME: What is it?

ANAKIN: Nothing.

PADME: Don't do this . . . don't shut me out. Let me help you.

ANAKIN: You can't help me . . . I'm trying to help you.

They look in each other's eyes.

ANAKIN: (continuing) I sense . . . there are things you are not telling me.

PADME is startled at this.

PADME: I sense there are things you are not telling me.

PADME smiles. ANAKIN is a little embarrassed.

PADME: (continuing) Hold me . . . like you did by the lake on Naboo, so long ago . . . when there was nothing but our love ... No politics, no plotting ... no war.

88 INT. CORUSCANT-GALAXIES OPERA HOUSE-NIGHT

ANAKIN lands his speeder and exits.
ANAKIN runs up the stairs at the Galaxies Opera House.
ANAKIN runs through the hallway and enters Palpatine's box, where the CHANCELLOR is sitting with Mas Amedda and Sly-Moore, watching the Man Calamari Ballet doing "Squid Lake."

ANAKIN: You wanted to see me, Chancellor.

PALPATINE: Yes, Anakin! Come closer. I have good news. Our Clone Intelligence Units have discovered the location of General Grievous. He is hiding in the Utapau system.

ANAKIN: At last, we'll be able to capture that monster and end this war.

PALPATINE: I would worry about the collective wisdom of the Council if they didn't select you for this assignment. You are the best choice by far  but, they can't always be trusted to do the right thing.

ANAKIN: They try.

PALPATINE: Sit down, (to his aides) Leave us.

ANAKIN sits next to PALPATINE. The Chancellor leans over to him.

PALPATINE: (continuing) Anakin, you know I'm not able to rely on the Jedi Council. If they haven't included you in their plot, they soon will.

ANAKIN: I'm not sure I understand.

PALPATINE: You must sense what I have come to suspect . . . the Jedi Council want control of the Republic . . . they're planning to betray me.

ANAKIN: I don't think . . .

PALPATINE: Anakin, search your feelings. You know, don't you?

ANAKIN: I know they don't trust you . . .

PALPATINE: Or the Senate . . . or the Republic . . . or democracy for that matter.

ANAKIN: I have to admit my trust in them has been shaken.

PALPATINE: Why? They asked you to do something that made you feel dishonest, didn't they?

ANAKIN doesn't say anything. He simply looks down.

PALPATINE: (continuing) They asked you to spy on me, didn't they?

ANAKIN: I don't know ... I don't know what to say.

PALPATINE: Remember back to your early teachings. Anakin. "All those who gain power are afraid to lose it." Even the Jedi.

ANAKIN: The Jedi use their power for good.

PALPATINE: Good is a point of view, Anakin. And the Jedi point of view is not the only valid one. The Dark Lords of the Sith believe in security and justice also, yet they are considered by the Jedi to be. . .

ANAKIN: . . . evil.

PALPATINE: . . . from a Jedi's point of view. The Sith and the Jedi are similar in almost every way, including their quest for greater power. The difference between the two is the Sith are not afraid of the dark side of the Force. That is why they are more powerful.

ANAKIN: The Sith rely on their passion for their strength. They think inward, only about themselves.

PALPATINE: And the Jedi don't?

ANAKIN: The Jedi are selfless . . . they only care about others.

PALPATINE smiles.

PALPATINE: Or so you've been trained to believe. Why is it, then, that they have asked you to do something you feel is wrong?

ANAKIN: I'm not sure it's wrong.

PALPATINE: Have they asked you to betray the Jedi code? The Constitution? A friendship? Your own values? Think. Consider their motives. Keep your mind clear of assumptions. The fear of losing power is a weakness of both the Jedi and the Sith.

ANAKIN is deep in thought.

PALPATINE: (continuing) Did you ever hear the tragedy of Darth Plagueis "the wise"?

ANAKIN: No.

PALPATINE: I thought not. It's not a story the Jedi would tell you. It's a Sith legend. Darth Plagueis was a Dark Lord of the Sith, so powerful and so wise he could use the Force to influence the midi-chlorians to create life ... He had such a knowledge of the dark side that he could even keep the ones he cared about from dying.

ANAKIN: He could actually save people from death?

PALPATINE: The dark side of the Force is a pathway to many abilities some consider to be unnatural.

ANAKIN: What happened to him?

PALPATINE: He became so powerful . . . the only thing he was afraid of was losing his power, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, then his apprentice killed him in his sleep. (smiles) Plagueis never saw it coming. It's ironic he could save others from death, but not himself.

ANAKIN: Is it possible to learn this power?

PALPATINE: Not from a Jedi.

89 EXT. KASHYYYK-DAY

A WOOKIEE CATAMARAN flanked by WOOKIEE HELICOPTERS approaches the tree housing the HOLOGRAM AREA.

90 INT. KASHYYYK-HOLOGRAM AREA-DAY

YODA and various JEDI speak via hologram. The discussion includes OBI-WAN, MACE, AGEN KOLAR, YODA- KI-ADI-MUNDI and PLO KOON.

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: (holo) Palpatine thinks General Grievous is on Utapau. We have had no reports of this from our agents.

MACE: (holo) How could the Chancellor have come by this information and we know nothing about it? We have had contact with Baron Papanoida and he said no one was there.

ANAKIN: A partial message was intercepted in a diplomatic packet from the Chairman of Utapau.

YODA: Act on this, we must. The capture of General Grievous will end this war. Quickly and decisively we should proceed.

OBI-WAN: Does everyone agree?

All the JEDI concur.

ANAKIN: The Chancellor has requested that I lead the campaign.

They all look at ANAKIN a bit disturbed.

MACE: (a little peeved) The Council will make up its own mind who is to go, not the Chancellor.

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: Yes, this decision is ours to make.

ANAKIN is embarrassed and becomes sullen.

YODA: A Master is needed, with more experience.

MACE: Given our resources, I recommend we send only one Jedi . . . Master Kenobi.

ANAKIN: He was not so successful the last time he met Grievous.

OBI-WAN throws ANAKIN a dirty look.

ANAKIN: (continuing) No offense, my Master, but I'm only stating a fact.

OBI-WAN: Oh no, you're quite right, but I do have the most experience with his ways of combat.

YODA: Obi-Wan, my choice is.

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: I concur. Master Kenobi should go.

YODA: I agree.

All the JEDI concur.

MACE: Very well. Council is adjourned.

ANAKIN is angry.

MACE: (continuing) Obi-Wan, prepare two clone brigades as quickly as you can. If this report is true, there's no telling how many battle droids he may have with him.

91 INT. KASHYYYK-HOLOGRAM AREA-DAY

YODA gets out of his chair and walks to the edge of the platform.

CLONE COMMANDER GREE: The droids have started up their main power generators.

YODA: Then now the time is, Commander.

CLONE COMMANDER GREE: Yes, sir.

The battle begins.

92 EXT. KASHYYYK-BEACH HEAD-DAY

A WOOKIEE CHIEFTAIN lets out a roar as the Wookiee army rushes to face the DROID ARMY. CORPORATE ALLIANCE TANK DROIDS race across the water against the WOOKIEES and CLONE TROOPERS on the beach. DROID GUNSHIPS provide air support, while a SPIDER DROID emerges from the watery depths. A brave WOOKIEE places an explosive on a SEPARATIST TANK and jumps off just before the TANK EXPLODES. From the Hologram Area, Yoda observes the ongoing battle.

93 EXT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-EARLY MORNING

Padme's apartment building is surrounded by the smog-shrouded city of Coruscant.

94 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-LIVING ROOM-EARLY MORNING

PADME and OBI-WAN sit on one of the couches.

OBI-WAN: Has Anakin been to see you?

PADME: Several times . . . I was so happy to hear he was accepted on the Jedi Council.

OBI-WAN: I know ... he deserves it. He is impatient, strong willed, very opinionated, but truly gifted.

They laugh.

PADME: You're not just here to say hello. Something is wrong, isn't it?

OBI-WAN: You should be a Jedi, Padme.

PADME: You're not very good at hiding your feelings.

OBI-WAN: It's Anakin . . . He's becoming moody and detached. He's been put in a difficult position as the Chancellor's representative . . . but I think it's more than that. I was hoping he may have talked to you.

PADME: Why would he talk to me about his work?

OBI-WAN studies her.

OBI-WAN: Neither of you is very good at hiding your feelings either.

PADME: Don't give me that look.

OBI-WAN: I know how he feels about you.

PADME: (nervous) What did he say?

OBI-WAN: Nothing. He didn't have to.

PADME is a little flustered. She stands and Obi-Wan follows. She walks to the balcony.

PADME: I don't know what you're talking about.

OBI-WAN: I know you both too well. I can see you two are in love. Padme, I'm worried about him.

PADME looks down and doesn't answer.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) I fear your relationship has confused him. He's changed considerably since we returned . . .

They stand on the balcony and look off at the early morning city. OBI-WAN starts to leave. PADME stays looking off into the distant city.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Padme, I'm not telling the Council about any of this. I ... I hope I didn't upset you. We're all friends, I care about both of you . . .

PADME: Thank you, Obi-Wan.

OBI-WAN: Please do what you can to help him.

95 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-DAY

PADME, MON MOTHMA, and five other Senators (BANA BREEMU, FANG ZAR. CHI EEKWAY, GIDDEAN DANU, BAIL ORGANA) sit in Padme's living room. C-3PO serves drinks to the guests.

PADME: We cannot let this turn into another war.

BAIL ORGANA: Absolutely, that is the last thing we want.

MON MOTHMA: We are hoping to form an alliance in the Senate to stop the Chancellor from further subverting the constitution, that's all.

PADME: I know a Jedi I feel it would be wise to consult.

BANA BREEMU: That would be dangerous.

MON MOTHMA: We don't know where the Jedi stand in all this.

PADME: I only wish to discuss this with one . . . one I trust.

GiDDEAN DANU: Going against the Chancellor without the support of the Jedi is risky.

PADME: The Jedi aren't any happier with the situation than we are . . .

CHI EEKWAY: Patience, Senator.

FANG ZAR: We have so many Senators on our side, surely that will pursuade the Chancellor.

BANA BREEMU: When you present the "petition of the two thousand" to the Chancellor, things may change.

BAIL ORGANA: Let us see what we can accomplish in the Senate, before we include the Jedi.

PADME takes a deep breath in frustration and disappointment.

96 EXT. CORUSCANT-CLONE LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN walk onto a landing platform overlooking a docking bay where THOUSANDS OF CLONE TROOPS and armored weapons, tanks, etc., are being loaded onto a massive REPUBLIC ASSAULT SHIP.

ANAKIN: You're going to need me on this one, Master.

OBI-WAN: Oh, I agree. However it may turn out just to be a wild bantha chase.

OBI-WAN starts to turn and leave.

ANAKIN: Master!

OBI-WAN stops and ANAKIN walks over to him.

ANAKIN: (continuing) Master, I've disappointed you. I have not been very appreciative of your training . . . I have been arrogant and I apologize . . . I've just been so frustrated with the Council. Your friendship means everything to me.

OBI-WAN: You are strong and wise, Anakin, and I am very proud of you. I have trained you since you were a small boy. I have taught you everything I know. And you have become a far greater Jedi than I could ever hope to be, and you have saved my life more times than I can remember. But be patient, Anakin. It won't be long before the Council makes you a Jedi Master.

OBI-WAN starts down the ramp, then turns back.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Don't worry. I have enough clones with me to take three systems the size of Utapau. I think I'll be able to handle the situation . . . even without your help.

ANAKIN: Well, there's always a first time.

OBI-WAN laughs.

They talk for a few more minutes before ANAKIN watches OBI-WAN depart.

ANAKIN: Obi-Wan, may the Force be with you.

OBI-WAN: Good-bye, old friend. May the Force be with you.

OBI-WAN heads down a ramp toward the waiting Republic cruiser.

97 EXT. CORUSCANT-CLONE LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

The Republic cruiser lifts off and heads for space.

98 INT. REPUBLIC BATTLE CRUISER-HANGAR-SPACE

CLONE TROOPERS stand at attention in rows on the floor of the hangar deck, waiting to board landing craft. OBI-WAN stands next to his BLUE JEDI FIGHTER- talking to SEVERAL CLONE COMMANDERS with their helmets off. A hologram of the planet Utapau is projected by R4-G9 into the middle of the hangar.

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: Fortunately, most of the cities are concentrated on this small continent here . . . on the far side.

OBI-WAN: I'll keep them distracted until you get there. Just don't take too long.

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: Come on, boss, when have I ever let you down?

They laugh.

OBI-WAN: (laughing) Cato Nemoidia . . . for starters.

OBI-WAN climbs into his Jedi Fighter.

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: That was Anakin who was late. I believe.

OBI-WAN: Very well, the burden is on me not to destroy all the droids before you get there.

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: I'm counting on you.

99 EXT. JEDI FIGHTER-SPACE

OBI-WAN blasts the BLUE JEDI FIGHTER out of the Republic Battle Cruiser and into the hyperspace ring. He heads for the planet Utapau.

100 EXT. CORUSCANT-CITYSCAPE-CHANCELLOR'S TRANSPORT-DAY

The Chancellor's Transport races through the city and heads for the Senate Office Building landing platform. Waiting on the landing platform is a LONE JEDI. The Transport lands, and CHANCELLOR PALPATINE emerges with FOUR ROYAL GUARDS and MAS AMEDDA. The FOUR ROYAL GUARDS move off in another direction as PALPATINE greets ANAKIN, who has been waiting for him.

PALPATINE: Well, Anakin, did you see your friend off?

ANAKIN: He will soon have Grievous's head.

PALPATINE: We can only hope the Council didn't make a mistake.

ANAKIN: The Council was very sure in its decision.

They exit the landing platform.

101 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-MAIN HALLWAY-DAY

They enter the main hallway of the Senate Office Building. They pass SEVERAL SENATORS, including REPRESENTATIVE JAR JAR BINKS from Naboo.

JAR JAR: Helloo Annie. Good en to see yousa . . .

The Gungan waves to Anakin.

ANAKIN: Hi, Jar Jar.

JAR JAR: Oopsin da Chancellor!! So sorry, Your Highness, sir.

Anakin turns back to the Chancellor.

PALPATINE: There are rumors in the Senate about Master Kenobi. Many believe he is not fit for this assignment.

ANAKIN: Not fit? Why would anyone think that?

PALPATINE: They say his mind has become fogged by the influence of a certain female Senator.

ANAKIN: That's ridiculous. Who?!?

PALPATINE: (slyly) No one knows who she is ... only that she is a Senator.

ANAKIN: That's impossible. I would know.

PALPATINE: Sometimes the closest are the ones who cannot see.

ANAKIN becomes worried.

PALPATINE: (continuing) Idle Senate gossip is rarely true and never accurate. I'm sure your Master will do fine.

102 INT. POLIS MASSA-MEDICAL CENTER-DREAM

PADME calls out in pain. OBI-WAN is near her and softly speaks to her.

OBI-WAN: Save your energy.

PADME: I can't!

OBI-WAN: Don't give up, Padme. Don't give up . . .

103 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-LANDING ROOM-DAY

ANAKIN is in the living room, working. He sits on the couch where Obi-Wan was sitting. PADME enters and crosses behind him.

ANAKIN: I sense someone familiar . . . Obi-Wan's been here, hasn't he?

PADME: He came by this morning.

ANAKIN: What did he want?

PADME looks at him for a moment. ANAKIN seems tense.

PADME: He's worried about you.

ANAKIN: You told him about us, didn't you?

She continues to walk to the bedroom, he follows.

PADME: He's your best friend, Anakin. He says you're under a lot of stress.

ANAKIN: And he's not?

PADME: You have been moody lately.

ANAKIN: I'm not moody . . .

PADME: Anakin! Don't do this again.

ANAKIN: I don't know ... I feel . . . lost.

PADME: Lost? What do you mean? You're always so sure of yourself. I don't understand.

ANAKIN: Obi-Wan and the Council don't trust me.

PADME: They trust you with their lives. Obi-Wan loves you as a son.

ANAKIN: Something's happening . . . I'm not the Jedi I should be. I am one of the most powerful Jedi, but I'm not satisfied ... I want more, and I know I shouldn't.

PADME: You expect too much of yourself.

They stop in front of the window in the bedroom. ANAKIN puts his hand on her belly.

ANAKIN: I have found a way to save you.

PADME: Save me?

ANAKIN: From my nightmares.

PADME: Is that what's bothering you?

ANAKIN: I won't lose you, Padme.

PADME: I'm not going to die in childbirth, Annie. I promise you.

ANAKIN: No, I promise you! I am becoming so powerful with my new knowledge of the Force, I will be able to keep you from dying.

PADME looks ANAKIN in the eye.

PADME: You don't need more power, Anakin. I believe you can protect me against anything, just as you are.

They embrace and kiss.

104 EXT. UTAPAU-SPACE

OBI-WAN blasts out of the BLUE JEDI FIGHTER's hyperspace ring and heads for the planet Utapau. The BLUE FIGHTER skims over the planet's surface, flat except for a few giant sinkholes.

105 INT. UTAPAU-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

OBI-WAN lands his ship on a Platform projecting out of the side of a giant sinkhole. All is quiet. A local administrator, TION MEDON, comes out to greet the ship. OBI-WAN climbs out of his Fighter as a SHORT GROUND CREW looks over his ship. On a ledge above the landing platform, GRIEVOUS's BODYGUARDS watch as OBI-WAN talks to TION MEDON.

TlON MEDON: Greetings, young Jedi. What brings you to our remote sanctuary?

OBI-WAN: Unfortunately, the war.

TlON MEDON: There is no war here unless you've brought it with you.

OBI-WAN: With your kind permission, I should like some fuel and to use your city as a base as I search nearby systems for General Grievous.

A GROUND CREW rushes out and refuels Obi-Wans Fighter. TION MEDON leans close to OBI-WAN and speaks quietly.

TlON MEDON: He is here! We are being held hostage. They are watching us.

OBI-WAN: I understand.

TlON MEDON: The tenth level . . . thousands of Battle Droids . . .

OBI-WAN: Tell your people to take shelter. If you have warriors, now is the time.

OBI-WAN starts back toward his Starfighter as TION MEDON leaves the Landing Platform. GRIEVOUS's BODYGUARDS retreat from the overhead platform. OBI-WAN climbs back into his BLUE JEDI FIGHTER. His Astro Unit (R4-G9) turns to him:

OBI-WAN: (continuing) Geenine, take the Fighter back to the ship. I'm staying here. Tell Cody I've made contact.

The little Astro Droid BEEPS a reply.

106 EXT. UTAPAU-OBSERVATION DECK-DAY

On a high balcony, TION MEDON looks down on the landing platform. A few steps behind him stands one of GENERAL GRIEVOUS's BODYGUARDS. They watch the canopy lower.

TlON MEDON: I told you, all he wanted was fuel.

BODYGUARD: What was his name?

TlON MEDON: He didn't say.

They watch as the BLUE JEDI FIGHTER takes off.

107 INT. UTAPAU-LANDING PLATFORM-HALLWAY-DAY

OBI-WAN also watches his ship take off. He is hiding in the hallway. He quietly moves farther into the city.

108 EXT. UTAPAU STAIRWAY-SINKHOLE RIM-DAY

OBI-WAN quickly rushes up a stairway cut into the side of the sinkhole. It's hard to see him. In an alcove, he carefully surveys the city, then quickly moves on.

109 INT. UTAPAU-CITY-DRAGON CORRAL-DAY

OBI-WAN makes his way through the city, looking up at the tenth level with electro-binoculars from his utility belt. He tries to figure out how he is going to get up there. He hears strange bellowing cries and he investigates.
He comes across a corral filled with about half a dozen DRAGON-LIKE LIZARDS. SEVERAL WRANGLERS are standing around.
OBI-WAN walks up to the WRANGLERS and uses the Force with his slight hand movements.

OBI-WAN: I need transportation.

WRANGLER: (subtitled, in native tongue) You need transportation.

OBI-WAN: Get it for me.

WRANGLER: (subtitled, in native tongue) I will get it for you.

One of the WRANGLERS turns to the others and chatters away in his strange tongue. OBI-WAN walks along the line of DRAGON/LIZARDS, checking out each one. He looks at their teeth, legs, etc. Finally he pats one on the neck.

OBI-WAN: This one.

The WRANGLER brings the chosen one over to him.

WRANGLER: Boga. She answers to Boga.

OBI-WAN: Good girl, Boga.

OBI-WAN swings onto the back of the LIZARD. The beast rears up and scurries outside to the edge of the sinkhole.

110 EXT. UTAPAU-SINKHOLE WALL-LIZARD-DAY

The LIZARD BOGA rears up on her hind legs again, then climbs the wall of the sheer cliff and starts moving up toward the tenth level. The city appears to be deserted. OBI-WAN is alert to any movement.

111 INT. UTAPAU-CONFERENCE ROOM-GRAND CHAMBER-DAY

GENERAL GRIEVOUS stands before the COUNCIL OF SEPARATISTS, including NUTE GUNRAY, RUNE HAAKO. POGGLE THE LESSER, SHU MAI, SAN HILL PO NUDO, WAT TAMBOR, and PASSEL ARGENTE. OBI-WAN hides above the assembly and watches intently.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: It won't be long before the armies of the Republic track us here. I am sending you to the Mustafar system in the Outer Rim. It is a volcanic planet which generates a great deal of scanning interference. You will be safe there.

NUTE GUNRAY: Safe? Chancellor Palpatine managed to escape your grip, General, without Count Dooku. I have doubts about your ability to keep us safe.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Be thankful, Viceroy, you have not found yourself in my grip . . . Your ship is waiting.

OBI-WAN is deep in thought.

112 INT. UTAPAU-TENTH LEVEL-CONTROL CENTER-DAY

The JEDI removes his cloak and jumps down behind the GENERAL.

OBI-WAN: Hello, there!

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: General Kenobi, you are a bold one. I find your behavior bewildering . . . Surely you realize you're doomed, (to droids) Kill him!

About a HUNDRED BATTLE DROIDS surround OBI-WAN, GENERAL GRIEVOUS, and his BODYGUARDS. OBI-WAN looks around, then walks right up to GENERAL GRIEVOUS.
They stare at each other for a moment.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Enough of this.

The BODYGUARDS raise their power staffs to knock OBI-WAN away, but OBI-WAN ducks as the deadly staffs whistle over his head. The Jedi's lightsaber ignites, and OBI-WAN deftly cuts one BODYGUARD in two. His staff flies into the air and is caught by GENERAL GRIEVOUS. The other THREE BODYGUARDS attack OBI-WAN with an intense fury.
OBI-WAN uses the Force to release apiece of equipment from the ceiling. It drops on the BODYGUARDS, smashing them. OBI-WAN walks toward GRIEVOUS, slashing the last BODYGUARD to pieces. BATTLE DROIDS move toward OBI-WAN.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Back away. I will deal with this Jedi slime myself.

OBI-WAN: Your move.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: You fool. I have been trained in your Jedi arts by Count Dooku himself. Attack, Kenobi.

His arms separate and grab all four lightsabers on his belt. His four arms create a flashing display of swordsmanship.

OBI-WAN: You forget I trained the Jedi that defeated Count Dooku!

OBI-WAN is hard-pressed to defend himself against the deadly onslaught. They fight across the control room as the BATTLE DROID SHARPSHOOTERS try to pick off the Jedi. OBI-WAN mounts a ferocious counterattack and cuts off one of GRIEVOUS's hands. A loud EXPLOSION is heard echoing throughout the sinkhole. GENERAL GRIEVOUS and OBI-WAN glance to the entrance of the control center and see CLONE TROOPS in the distance, attacking DROIDS in the sinkhole. On the far wall of the sinkhole, CLONES can be seen rappelling onto balconies.

OBI-WAN: I may not defeat your droids, but my troops certainly will.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Army or not, you must realize you are doomed.

OBI-WAN: I don't think so.

TWENTY CLONES suddenly rappel into the entrance of the control center, ray guns blazing. Chaos. Laser bolts fly everywhere as the DROIDS return fire. OBI-WAN attacks GENERAL GRIEVOUS, who defends himself rigorously with one of his bodyguard's electro-staffs. OBI-WAN uses the Force to hurl GENERAL GRIEVOUS backwards. He falls onto a lower platform and OBI-WAN jumps down after him.

113 INT. UTAPAU-TENTH LEVEL-CONTROL CENTER-DAY

More CLONES rappel into the control center and blast away at the remaining DROIDS.
The JEDI cuts down several DROIDS as he races to the entrance of the control center. OBI-WAN spots GENERAL GRIEVOUS racing toward one of the landing platforms in the midst of the battle. GENERAL GRIEVOUS jumps onto a WHEEL SCOOTER and takes off down the wall of the sinkhole. OBI-WAN whistles for his LIZARD BOGA, who runs to him. OBI-WAN jumps on.

114 EXT. UTAPAU-CLIFF AND LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

The chase begins. Obi-Wan drops his lightsaber while riding Boga.

115 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-SUNSET

The sun is setting as the lights come on in the massive Senate Office Building. The sky is red.

116 INT. CORUSCANT-CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE-SUNSET

PALPATINE listens to a delegation from the Senate, which includes PADME and five other Senators: NEE ALAVAR, FANG ZAR, MALEDEE, SWEITT CONCORKILL, and MON CALAMARI. ANAKIN stands to one side of PALPATINE.

PALPATINE: I understand your reservations completely, Senator, and I assure you the appointment of Governors will in no way compete with the duties of the Senate.

PADME: May I take it then, that there will be no further amendments to the Constitution?

PALPATINE: I want this terrible conflict to end as much as you do, My Lady, and when it does I guarantee an immediate return to democracy . . .

PADME: You are pursuing a diplomatic solution to the war, then.

PALPATINE: You must trust me to do the right things, Senator. That is why I am here.

FANGZAR: But surely . . .

The Chancellor turns on FANG ZAR.

PALPATINE: I have said I will do what is right, that should be enough for your . . . committee.

PADME: On behalf of the "delegation of two thousand," I thank you, Chancellor.

PALPATINE: I thank you for bringing this to my attention, Senator.

PADME gives ANAKIN a frustrated look, then turns and exits with the other FIVE SENATORS. PALPATINE turns to ANAKIN.

PALPATINE: (continuing) Their sincerity is to be admired, although I sense there is more to their request than they are telling us.

ANAKIN: What do you mean?

PALPATINE: They are not to be trusted.

ANAKIN: Surely Senator Amidala can be trusted . . .

PALPATINE: These are unstable times for the Republic, Anakin. Some see instability as an opportunity. Senator Amidala is hiding something. I can see it in her eyes.

ANAKIN: I'm sure you're mistaken.

PALPATINE: I'm surprised your Jedi insights are not more sensitive to such things.

ANAKIN: I simply don't sense betrayal in Senator Amidala.

PALPATINE studies ANAKIN carefully and gives him a skeptical look.

PALPATINE: Yes, you do, but you don't seem to want to admit it. There is much conflict in you, Anakin.

117 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI WAR ROOM-EARLY EVENING

KI-ADI-MUNDI, ANAKIN, YODA, MACE, CLONE COMMANDER CODY, and AAYLA SECURA talk via holograms.

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: Master Windu, may I interrupt? General Kenobi has made contact with General Grievous, and we
have begun our attack.

MACE WlNDU: Thank you, Commander. Anakin, deliver this report to the Chancellor. His reaction will give us a clue to his
intentions.

ANAKIN: Yes, Master.

ANAKIN leaves the room. COMMANDER CODY's hologram disappears.

MACE WINDU: I sense a plot to destroy the Jedi. The dark side of the Force surrounds the Chancellor.

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: If he does not give up his emergency powers after the destruction of Grievous, then he should be removed from
office.

MACE WiNDU: That could be a dangerous move ... the Jedi Council would have to take control of the Senate in order to secure a peaceful transition . . .

Kl-ADI-MUNDI: . . . and replace the Congress with Senators who are not filled with greed and corruption.

YODA: To a dark place this line of thought will carry us. Hmmmmm. . . . great care we must take.

118 INT. CORUSCANT-CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE-EARLY EVENING

ANAKIN brings news to PALPATINE.

ANAKIN: Chancellor, we have just received a report from Master Kenobi. He has engaged General Grievous.

PALPATINE: We can only hope that Master Kenobi is up to the challenge.

ANAKIN: I should be there with him.

PALPATINE: It is upsetting to me to see that the Council doesn't seem to fully appreciate your talents. Don't you wonder why they won't make you a Jedi Master?

ANAKIN: I wish I knew. More and more I get the feeling that I am being excluded from the Council. I know there are things about the Force that they are not telling me.

PALPATINE: They don't trust you, Anakin. They see your future. They know your power will be too strong to control. Anakin, you must break through the fog of lies the Jedi have created around you. Let me help you to know the subtleties of the Force.

They walk into the hallway.

ANAKIN: How do you know the ways of the Force?

PALPATINE: My mentor taught me everything about the Force . . . even the nature of the dark side.

They stop.

ANAKIN: You know the dark side?!?

PALPATINE: Anakin, if one is to understand the great mystery, one must study all its aspects, not just the dogmatic, narrow view of the Jedi. If you wish to become a complete and wise leader, you must embrace a larger view of the Force. Be careful of the Jedi, Anakin. (pausing) They fear you. In time they will destroy you. Let me train you.

ANAKIN: I won't be a pawn in your political game. The Jedi are my family.

PALPATINE: Only through me can you achieve a power greater than any Jedi. Learn to know the dark side of the Force, Anakin, and you will be able to save your wife from certain death.

ANAKIN: What did you say?

PALPATINE: Use my knowledge, I beg you . . .

ANAKIN: You're a Sith Lord!

ANAKIN ignites his lightsaber.

PALPATINE: I know what has been troubling you . . . Listen to me. Don't continue to be a pawn of the Jedi Council! Ever since I've known you, you've been searching for a life greater than that of an ordinary Jedi . . . a life of significance, of conscience.

ANAKIN: You're wrong!

PALPATINE: Are you going to kill me?

ANAKIN: I would certainly like to.

PALPATINE: I know you would. I can feel your anger. It gives you focus, makes you stronger.

ANAKIN raises his lightsaber to PALPATINE's throat. There is a tense moment, then ANAKIN relaxes, and then turns off his lightsaber.

ANAKIN: I am going to turn you over to the Jedi Council.

PALPATINE: Of course you should. But you're not sure of their intentions, are you? What if I am right and they are plotting to take over the Republic?

ANAKIN: I will quickly discover the truth of all this.

PALPATINE: You have great wisdom, Anakin. Know the power of the dark side. The power to save Padme.

ANAKIN stares at him for a moment.
PALPATINE turns and moves to his office.

PALPATINE: (continuing) I am not going anywhere. You have time to decide my fate. Perhaps you'll reconsider and help me rule the galaxy for the good of all . . .

PALPATINE sits behind his desk.

119 EXT. UTAPAU-CLIFF AND LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

OBI-WAN gives the LIZARD a swift kick with the heel of his boot, and they take off down the vertical side of the sheer cliff. As GENERAL GRIEVOUS reaches the landing platform where his shuttle is waiting. OBI-WAN drops onto the top of the starship with his LIZARD. GENERAL GRIEVOUS spins his scooter around and takes off up the vertical cliff face with OBI-WAN and his LIZARD in hot pursuit. The sinkhole is engulfed in a great battle between CLONES and DROIDS. The PEOPLE OF UTAPAU cower in whatever shelter they can find.

120 EXT. UTAPAU-MAIN CITY PLAZA-DAY

A LARGE GROUP OF UTAPAUAN TROOPS on LIZARDS attack the DROID ARMY.

OBI-WAN and GENERAL GRIEVOUS race through the city at breakneck speed. Passing through battle zones, narrowly escaping EXPLOSIONS, laser bolts, and TROOPS from both sides.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS lays the Scooter down as he goes around sharp turns. Obi-Wan's LIZARD breathes hard as she tries to keep up. They destroy droids, equipment, and clone troops as the JEDI and the GENERAL cut a swath of destruction through the city.

121 EXT. UTAPAU-WINDMILLS-DAY

GENERAL GRIEVOUS works his way out onto the rim of the sinkhole, passing some wind blades. The evil Droid General releases the brakes on the lethal blades, and they begin to spin, cutting off Obi-Wan's access to the General. Obi-Wan's LIZARD pulls up short in front of the blades. GENERAL GRIEVOUS laughs and talks into a comlink.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS: Prepare to move out of orbit. I will be up in a few moments.

OBI-WAN sizes up the situation, looking for a way to get to GENERAL GRIEVOUS.

The GENERAL accelerates off the edge, activating his claws, drops, and clings to another nearby grouping of windmills. Obi-Wan's LIZARD attempts to jump to follow and barely makes it, almost falling into the precipice below.

122 INT. UTAPAU-CITY TUNNEL SYSTEM-DAY

GENERAL GRIEVOUS roars through the stone block tunnel system, riding up on the curved walls as he goes around corners or passes oncoming traffic. OBI-WAN races after the Droid, his LIZARD moving onto the ceiling as they pass traffic. OBI-WAN catches up with GENERAL GRIEVOUS, and they charge through the tunnel, side by side. OBI-WAN grabs the Droid's electronic staff.

123 EXT. UTAPAU-SECRET LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

Extending from the wall of a small sinkhole is a secret landing platform with a small Federation Fighter sitting in the middle of it. OBI-WAN and GENERAL GRIEVOUS race out of the tunnel system and onto the landing platform.

OBI-WAN yanks on the staff, then jumps off his LIZARD onto the General's scooter, knocking both warriors to the ground. GENERAL GRIEVOUS pulls out a laser pistol and fires at OBI-WAN. The Jedi reaches out his hand, grabs the General's electro-staff and spins the staff, blocking the laser bolts.

OBI-WAN charges GENERAL GRIEVOUS, swinging the staff and hitting the Droid in the stomach, knocking the gun away. GENERAL GRIEVOUS is hit by the staff, and the Force bends his forearm. He pulls OBI-WAN close to him, and they engage in a furious fight. The electro-staff is knocked away. The two engage in hand-to-hand combat. OBI-WAN struggles to avoid the deadly blows of the brutal, unstoppable Droid.

GENERAL GRIEVOUS's stomachplate is loose. OBI-WAN grabs it and rips it off, revealing the alien life form's guts encased in a bag in the Droid's chest. GENERAL GRIEVOUS grabs OBI-WAN, hoists him over his head, and tosses him across the platform. OBI-WAN dangles off the edge of the platform. He clutches the rim, trying to hold on. The DROID then grabs the staff and charges OBI-WAN. At the last second, OBI-WAN reaches out his hand and uses the Force to retrieve the Droid's laser pistol.

The JEDI fires several blasts in the stomach area of the alien Droid, and he EXPLODES from the inside out. The smoldering Droid falls to the ground. OBI-WAN has killed GENERAL GRIEVOUS. He pulls himself up onto the platform and walks by the destroyed carcass.

OBI-WAN: So uncivilized . . .

OBI-WAN brushes himself off. He throws the pistol onto the platform, picks up the electro-staff, and jumps on BOGA. The trusty beast rears up and takes off into the tunnel system.

124 INT. JEDI GUNSHIP-LANDING PLATFORM-EARLY EVENING

MACE and the JEDI (AGEN KOLAR, KIT FISTO, AND SAESEE TIIN) are preparing to board a JEDI GUNSHIP to the CHANCELLOR's office. ANAKIN enters the hangar.

ANAKIN: Master Windu, I must talk to you.

MACE WiNDU: What is it, Skywalker? We are in a hurry. We have just received word that Obi-Wan has destroyed General Grievous. We are on our way to make sure the Chancellor returns emergency powers back to the Senate.

ANAKIN: He won't give up his power. I've just learned a terrible truth. I think Chancellor Palpatine is a Sith Lord.

MACE WINDU: A Sith Lord?

ANAKIN: Yes. The one we have been looking for.

MACE WiNDU: How do you know this?

ANAKIN: He knows the ways of the Force. He has been trained to use the dark side.

MACE WiNDU: Are you sure?

ANAKIN: Absolutely.

MACE WiNDU: Then our worst fears have been realized. We must move quickly if the Jedi Order is to survive.

ANAKIN: Master, the Chancellor is very powerful. You will need my help if you are going to arrest him.

MACE WiNDU: For your own good, stay out of this affair. I sense a great deal of confusion in you, young Skywalker. There is much fear that clouds your judgment.

ANAKIN: I must go, Master.

MACE WiNDU: No. If what you told me is true, you will have gained my trust, but for now remain here.

ANAKIN: Yes, Master.

MACE WiNDU: Wait for us in the Council Chamber until we return.

ANAKIN: Yes, Master.

ANAKIN watches as the JEDI leave in their ship.

125 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI COUNCIL/PADME'S APARTMENT-EARLY EVENING

(INTERCUT)

PADME is alone in her apartment, thinking of Anakin. ANAKIN sits alone in the Jedi Council Chamber thinking of PADME.

PALPATINE: (V.O.) You do know, don't you, if the Jedi destroy me, any chance of saving her will be lost.

PADME: I truly, deeply love you. Before I die. I want you to know.

C-3PO: My Lady, are you. . . . Are you all right?

ANAKIN: I can't do this ... I can't let her die.

ANAKIN rushes out of the Council Chamber and to his speeder. The hangar door opens and he lifts off.

126 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-LANDING PLATFORM-EARLY EVENING

The sky is still blue as a JEDI GUNSHIP lands on the Senate Office Building landing platform.
FOUR JEDI exit the SHUTTLE and enter the Senate Office Building. MACE WINDU, AGEN KOLAR, KIT FISTO, and SAESEE TIIN, like gunfighters out of the Old West, walk through the massive hallway, four across.

127 INT. CORUSCANT-LOBBY TO CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE-EARLY EVENING

The FOUR JEDI enter the lobby, raising their arms, and send the Chancellor's aide, DAR WAC, flying against the wall, along with TWO REPUBLIC GUARDS. They storm into the Chancellor's office.

128 INT. CORUSCANT-CHANCELLORS OFFICE-EARLY EVENING

MACE arrives with THREE JEDI to arrest PALPATINE.

PALPATINE: Master Windu. I take it General Grievous has been destroyed then. I must say, you're here sooner than expected.

MACE WINDU: In the name of the Galactic Senate of the Republic, you are under arrest, Chancellor.

MACE WINDU and the other JEDI ignite their lightsabers.

PALPATINE: Are you threatening me, Master Jedi?

MACE: The Senate will decide your fate.

PALPATINE: (burst of anger) I am the Senate!

MACE: Not yet!

PALPATINE stands, a laser sword appears out of his cloak sleeve, and he spins toward the JEDI.

PALPATINE: It's treason, then.

A close shot of PALPATINE as the fight begins. Close shots of THREE JEDI getting cut down by PALPATINE. PALPATINE and MACE continue to fight.

Jedi Master MACE WINDU and the Sith Lord fight their way down the hallway and into the main office area. PALPATINE is able to use the Force to slam MACE against the wall, but he recovers before the Chancellor can cut him down.

ANAKIN lands his speeder, jumps out, and runs down a long corridor toward the Chancellor's office.

In the heat of battle, MACE cuts the window behind the Chancellor's desk, and it crashes away. MACE is forced out onto the ledge, which is twenty stories up. They fight over the precipice. ANAKIN arrives to see PALPATINE and MACE fighting.

They stop as MACE forces PALPATINE to drop his sword. PALPATINE and MACE start yelling at each other.

MACE WINDU: You are under arrest, My Lord.

PALPATINE: Anakin! I told you it would come to this. I was right. The Jedi are taking over.

MACE WlNDU: You old fool. The oppression of the Sith will never return. Your plot to regain control of the Republic is over . . . you have lost . . .

PALPATINE: No! No! You will die!

PALPATINE raises his hands, and lightning bolts shoot out. They are blocked by MACE's lightsaber. PALPATINE is pushed back against the window sill.

PALPATINE: He is a traitor, Anakin.

MACE WlNDU: He's the traitor. Stop him!

PALPATINE: Come to your senses, boy. The Jedi are in revolt. They will betray you, just as they betrayed me.

MACE WlNDU: Aarrrrggghhhhh . . .

PALPATINE: You are not one of them, Anakin. Don't let him kill me.

MACE WlNDU: Aarrrrggghhhhh . . .

PALPATINE: I am your pathway to power. I have the power to save the one you love. You must choose. You must stop him.

MACE WlNDU: Don't listen to him, Anakin.

PALPATINE: Help me! Don't let him kill me. I can't hold on any longer. Ahhhhhhh . . . ahhhhhhh . . . ahhhhhhh . . .

MACE pushes PALPATINE out to the edge of the ledge. As the Jedi moves closer, the bolts from Palpatine's hands begin to arch back on him. The Chancellor's face begins to twist and distort. His eyes become yellow as he struggles to intensify his powers.

PALPATINE: I can't ... I give up. Help me. I am weak ... I am too weak. Don't kill me. I give up. I'm dying. I can't hold on any longer.

MACE WlNDU: You Sith disease. I am going to end this once and for all.

ANAKIN: You can't kill him, Master. He must stand trial.

MACE WlNDU: He has too much control of the Senate and the Courts. He is too dangerous to be kept alive.

PALPATINE: I'm too weak. Don't kill me. Please.

ANAKIN: It is not the Jedi way . . .

MACE raises his sword to kill the CHANCELLOR.

ANAKIN: (continuing) He must live . . .

PALPATINE: Please don't, please don't . . .

ANAKIN: I need him . . .

PALPATINE: Please don't . . .

ANAKIN: NO!!!

Just as MACE is about to slash PALPATINE, ANAKIN steps in and cuts off the Jedi's hand holding the lightsaber.

As MACE stares at ANAKIN in shock, PALPATINE springs to life.
The full force of Palpatine's powerful Bolts blasts MACE. He attempts to deflect them with his one good hand, but the force is too great. As blue rays engulf his body, he is flung out the window and falls twenty stories to his death. No more screams. No more moans. PALPATINE lowers his arm.

PALPATINE: Power! Unlimited power!

His face has changed into a horrible mask of evil. ANAKIN looks on in horror. PALPATINE cackles.

ANAKIN: What have I done?

ANAKIN sits.

PALPATINE: You are fulfilling your destin, Anakin. Become my apprentice. Learn to use the dark side of the Force.

ANAKIN: I will do whatever you ask.

PALPATINE: Good.

ANAKIN: Just help me save Padme's life. I can't live without her. I won't let her die. I want the power to stop death.

PALPATINE: To cheat death is a power only one has achieved, but if we work together, I know we can discover the secret.

ANAKIN kneels before PALPATINE.

ANAKIN: I pledge myself to your teachings. To the ways of the Sith.

PALPATINE: Good. Good. The Force is strong with you. A powerful Sith you will become. Henceforth, you shall be known as Darth . . . Vader.

ANAKIN: Thank you. my Master.

PALPATINE: Rise, Darth Vader.

Palpatine moves over to his desk.

129 EXT. KASHYYYK-MEETING HALL-DAY

YODA winces, closes his eyes, and holds his head. He feels a disturbance in the Force.

130 INT. CORUSCANT-CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE-EVENING

PALPATINE is putting on his dark cloak: he is now fully DARTH SIDIOUS.

PALPATINE: Because the Council did not trust you, my young apprentice, I believe you are the only Jedi with no knowledge of this plot. When the Jedi learn what has transpired here, they will kill us, along with all the Senators.

ANAKIN: I agree. The Jedi's next move will be against the Senate.

PALPATINE: Every single Jedi, including your friend Obi-Wan Kenobi, is now an enemy of the Republic. You understand that, don't you?

ANAKIN: I understand, Master.

PALPATINE: We must move quickly. The Jedi are relentless; if they are not all destroyed, it will be civil war without end. First, I want you to go to the Jedi Temple. We will catch them off balance. Do what must be done, Lord Vader. Do not hesitate. Show no mercy. Only then will you be strong enough with the dark side to save Padme.

ANAKIN: What about the other Jedi spread across the galaxy?

PALPATINE: Their betrayal will be dealt with. After you have killed all the Jedi in the Temple, go to the Mustafar system. Wipe out Viceroy Gunray and the other Separatist leaders. Once more, the Sith will rule the galaxy, and we shall have peace.

131 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE ENTRY-NIGHT

ANAKIN goes to the Jedi Temple with a battalion of Clone Troopers.

132 EXT. UTAPAU-TENTH LEVEL-LANDIXG PLATFORM-DAY

The battle between the CLONES and the DROIDS rages throughout the sinkhole. OBI-WAN rides up to CLONE COMMANDER CODY.

OBI-WAN: Commander, contact your troops. Tell them to move to the higher levels.

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: Very good, sir.

CLONE COMMANDER CODY starts to move away, then remembers something and returns to OBI-WAN.

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: (continuing) Oh, by the way, I think you'll be needing this.

He hands OBI-WAN his lightsaber, and the LIZARD rears up.

OBI-WAN: Thank you, Cody, (smiling) Now let's get a move on. We've got a battle to win here.

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: Yes, sir!

OBI-WAN and the LIZARD ride off down the wall of the giant sinkhole.
The battle rages throughout the city. CLONE COMMANDER CODY (2224,) takes out his comlink and listens to the HOLOGRAM OF DARTH SIDIOUS as, far below, OBI-WAN can been seen battling DROIDS on a landing platform.

DARTH SlDIOUS: Commander Cody, the time has come. Execute Order Sixty-Six.

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: It will be done, My Lord.

The HOLOGRAM disappears, and CLONE COMMANDER CODY gestures to a nearby Clone Trooper.

CLONE COMMANDER CODY: Blast him!

The battle rages all around OBI-WAN. DROIDS and CLONES are everywhere. OBI-WAN is riding on a LIZARD, cutting down DROIDS as he races across the battlefield. Suddenly a volley of laser blasts from behind him knocks him and his LIZARD off the wall of the sinkhole. He looks around just in time to see his CLONE TROOPS are firing on him.
OBI-WAN falls hundreds of feet to the bottom of the water-filled sinkhole.

133 EXT. MYGEETO-DAWN

The sky slowly awakens on the crystal world of Mygeeto. A battle rages. Clone troops battle the droid armies across a long bridge. KI-ADI-MUNDi uses his light saber to deflect enemy fire. CLONE COMMANDER BACARA (1138) exits a Gunship near the entrance to the city. He rallies his TROOPS to attack the city, then gets a message on his comlink. He stops and moves to one side as a HOLOGRAM OF DARTH SIDIOUS appears on the comlink in the palm of his hand. He moves further into the shadows.

DARTH SlDIOUS: Commander 1138 . . .

CLONE COMMANDER BACARA: Yes, sir.

DARTH SlDIOUS: The time has come. Execute Order Sixty-Six.

CLONE COMMANDER BACARA: It will be done, My Lord.

DARTH SIDIOUS fades, and the CLONE COMMANDER snaps the comlink closed and looks to the main plaza of the city, where KI-ADI-MUNDI is leading the charge. The clones stop. KI-ADI-MUNDI turns around and is blasted by clone fire. He's killed before he can defend himself.

134 EXT. FELUCIA-FOREST-DAY

A column of CLONE WALKERS marches across the forest floor. The STRANGE CALLS of the alien forest creatures of FELUCIA suddenly stop. The Jedi AAYLA SECURA and her CLONE TROOPS brace for an ambush.

AAYLA: Steady. . . . steady . . .

They all look around for signs of the enemy. CLONE COMMANDER BLY moves up behind the Jedi.

AAYLA: (continuing) Bly, do you think they're Droids?

BLY: No.

BLY blasts AAYLA in the back. The OTHER CLONES fire on her as she hits the ground.

Another Jedi, BARRISS OFFEE, is cutting down a patrol of DROIDS when a CLONE WALKING TANK and SEVEN CLONE TROOPERS round a corner and blast the Jedi away.

135 EXT. KASHYYYK-MEETING HALL-DAY

YODA drops his gimer stick, clutches his chest, and rests against a wall.

136 EXT. KASHYYYK-EDGE OF VILIAGE-DAY

The battle appears to be over. WOOKIEES stack destroyed Droids while CLONES assess the damage to their equipment. A Jedi, LUMINARA UNDULI, talks with EIGHT CLONE OFFICERS standing in a circle around her. Suddenly they reveal their hidden pistols and blast her before she can react.

The Jedi QUINLAN VOS is riding on top of a CLONE TURBO TANK. The main cannon of a second tank slowly swings to point right at him and a COUPLE OF CLONES.
The cannon fires, and QUINLAN VOS and the CLONES disappear in a huge EXPLOSION.

137 INT. CATO NEIMOIDIA-COCKPIT CLONE FIGHTER-DAY

The CLONE PILOT watches a hologram of DARTH SIDIOUS.

DARTH SIDIOUS: Execute Order Sixty-Six.

CLONE PILOT: It will be done, My Lord.

138 INT. CATO NEIMOIDIA-JEDI STARFIGHTER-DAY

PLO KOON heads his ship toward a battle on a landing platform.

PLO KOON: There they are. Land on the nearest platform.

139 EXT. CATO XEIMOIDIA-JEDI STARFIGHTER-DAY

The FOUR CLONE PILOTS with PLO KOON drop back and blast him out of the sky.

140 EXT. SALEUCAMI-FOREST

Three Speeder Bikes race through the forest. A Jedi, STASS ALLIE is in the lead. The TWO CLONES following her drop back and blast her, causing her to crash in a huge EXPLOSION.

141 INT. CORUSCANT-CHANCELLOR'S OFFICE-NIGHT

DARTH SIDIOUS stands alone in his private office, illuminated only from a hologram projector beam from above. A small HOLOGRAM OF COMMANDER GREE stands in front of him.

CLONE COMMANDER GREE: Yes, My Lord.

DABTH SIDIOUS: The time has come. Execute Order Sixty-Six.

142 EXT. KASHYYYK-MEETING HALL BALCONY-DAY

A vista of waterways, high green mesas, and giant tree cities serves as a backdrop for the fierce battle, CLONES AND WOOKIEES against TRADE FEDERATION DROID ARMIES, with treaded tank-like vehicles. CLONE COMMANDER GREE holds his comlink.

CLONE COMMANDER GREE: It will be done, My Lord.

CLONE COMMANDER GREE snaps his comlink shut.

YODA watches from the balcony. The battle rages as CLONES and WOOKIEES attack DROIDS coming across the water on CORPORATE ALLIANCE TANK DROIDS. CHEWBACCA and TARFFUL stand on either side of the Jedi Master as he watches the battle below. CLONE COMMANDER GREE and ONE OFFICER walk onto the balcony toward YODA. YODA stands looking over the battlefield below. When they are close enough, the CLONES reveal their weapons and fire.

But faster than the CLONES can reveal their weapons, YODA ignites his lightsaber, leaps in the air, and beheads both CLONES. CHEWBACCA and TARFFUL fire their weapons as more CLONES enter the hall. The Wookiees call out to YODA to follow them. CHEWBACCA picks YODA up and carries him away.

143 EXT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-NIGHT

A JEDI is surrounded and gunned down by CLONE TROOPERS.

144 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-NIGHT

ANAKIN walks through the Jedi Temple, where he finds and kills SHAAK TI.
He exits Shaak Ti's room and enters a hallway, where the battle is taking place.

145 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-BATTLE-NIGHT

ANAKIN enters a room full of YOUNGLINGS huddled in a corner.

YOUNGLINGS: Master Skywalker, there are too many of them. What are we going to do?

ANAKIN looks back at them with a stern expression on his face and ignites his lightsaber.

146 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-PRE-DAWN

C-3PO and PADME look out the apartment window.

C-3PO: The Chancellor's office indicated Master Anakin returned to the Jedi Temple. Don't worry, My Lady. I am sure he will be all right.

PADME bursts into tears.

147 EXT. CORUSCANT-CITYSCAPE-PRE-DAWN

The city planet is covered in a hazy glow. A column of black smoke can be seen rising in the distance. BAIL ORGANA's Speeder flies overhead, straight toward the smoke.

148 EXT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-LANDING PLATFORM-PRE-DAWN

The Jedi Temple is on fire. Large plumes of smoke billow toward the sky as BAIL ORGANA lands his Speeder on a Jedi Temple platform. FOUR CLONE TROOPERS stand guard at the entrance to the Temple. They lower their guns as BAIL gets out of his Speeder and walks toward them.

BAIL ORGANA: What's going on here?!?

CLONE SERGEANT: There's been a rebellion. Don't worry, sir, the situation is under control.

The CLONES bar the Senator from entering the Temple.

CLONE SERGEANT: (continuing) I'm sorry, sir. No one is allowed entry.

The CLONES point their guns at BAIL and cock them.

CLONE SERGEANT: (continuing) It's time for you to leave, sir.

BAIL ORGANA: And so it is.

BAIL reluctantly heads hack toward his Speeder. Suddenly, several SHOTS RING OUT. BAIL turns and sees a ten-year-old Jedi, ZETT JUKASSA, fighting the CLONES. Several more CLONES join in the fight, followed by CLONE COMMANDER APPO (1119), who points at BAIL.

CLONE COMMANDER APPO: Get him! Shoot him!

SEVERAL CLONES start firing at BAIL. The Senator jumps for cover behind his Speeder, starting the engines and pulling out his laser
pistol.

The YOUNG JEDI cuts down several CLONES, including APPO, before he is overrun and shot.

The Speeder takes off with BAIL clinging to the side. The CLONES fire at it as it disappears into the cityscape.

149 EXT. CORUSCANT-CITYSCAPE-PRE-DAWN

BAIL ORGANA struggles to pull himself into the Speeder as it races along through the cityscape. Finally, he climbs in, just as the Speeder is about to hit a building. BAIL steers clear of the building and races away.

150 EXT. UTAPAU-UNDERWATER SINKHOLE-DAY

The Jedi dives below the surface amid a barrage of laser fire. He dives deeper under the water, fumbling in his utility belt for a breathing device. He finds it and puts it in his mouth. He swims underwater until the CLONE TROOPS give up and stop filing.

151 EXT. UTAPAU-UNDERWATER CAVES-DAY

OBI-WAN removes the breathing apparatus after coming up from underwater. He starts to climb the rock wall.

OBI-WAN climbs the wall to the second cave just as TWO LITTLE SEEKER DRONES pop out of the water with their searchlights glowing. OBI-WAN presses himself against the wall of the smaller cave as the TWO SEEKER DRONES search the grotto. One of the SEEKERS begins to enter the cave in which OBI-WAN is hiding. OBI-WAN presses further into the wall. The light shines on the opposite wall and moves to the back of the cave, illuminating a huge NOS MONSTER. OBI-WAN holds his breath. The SEEKER is confused for a moment, then the NOS MONSTER lunges at the SMALL DROID and consumes it in one bite.

The NOS MONSTER'S lunge takes him past OBI-WAN, out of the cave, and into the water.

The SECOND SEEKER shines its light on the NOS MONSTER as the evil creature tries to grab the LITTLE DRONE. OBI-WAN slinks off toward the back of the cave. He comes upon a nest of BABY NOS MONSTERS. They SCREECH and make horrible sounds. OBI-WAN jumps over them and continues on his way through the tunnel system.

152 EXT. KASHYYYK-LAKE ON VILLAGE EDGE-DUSK

CLONES in modified one-man AT-ST's and Swamp Speeders flash their searchlights across the gloomy lake. The light of one of the AT-ST's spots something floating in the water. It is what's left of a Wookiee catamaran. The body of a dead Wookiee (TARFFUL) is lying across the stern of the wreckage of the flying boat. There is some movement on the boat. The CLONE SERGEANT on the AT-ST fires a warning shot past the boat.

AT-ST CLONE SERGEANT: Everyone out of there!

A CRAZY LITTLE CREATURE about two feet high pops its head over the rail. The creature is covered with mud. His long hair is frizzed out in all directions.

CREATURE: Wookiee good . . . eat Wookiee. (crazy little laugh)

CLONE SERGEANT: Did you find something?

CREATURE: It's nothing, nothing. (laughs)

CLONE SERGEANT: It's nothing, nothing. All these Wookiees are dead. Move to the east.

CLONE TROOPER: Yes, sir.

Suddenly, CHEWBACCA climbs up behind the AT-ST CLONE, dripping wet, and throws the CLONE SERGEANT into the water. CHEWIE BARKS.

CREATURE: Right you are, Chewbacca. Faster that will be.

TARFFUL jumps up in the boat, and the CREATURE takes off his hair. It is Yoda.

YODA: Stink, this mud does. A moment to bathe, give me.

YODA, covered with mud, jumps into the water. TARFFUL climbs onto the AT-ST with CHEWBACCA. YODA is out of the water and putting his robes back on.

YODA: (continuing) Not far, are we, from the emergency ship. Quickly . . .

YODA whistles and a large ALIEN FLYING INSECT called CAN-CELL appears. YODA jumps on the insect's back and they take off. The WOOKIEES follow on the AT-ST. The CLONES continue to search the swamp.

153 EXT. KASHYYYK-HILLS OVERLOOKING LAKE-DUSK

The AT-ST marches up the hill and stops. The WOOKIEES jump down. YODA lands on CAN-CELL nearby. CHEWBACCA goes to a tree and pulls down one of its branches.
The ground opens up, and a small WOOKIEE ESCAPE POD rises into the field. YODA opens the door of the pod.

YODA: Good-bye. Chewbacca and Tarfful, miss you I will. Good friends you are. For your help, much gratitude and respect, I have.

The Wookiees BARK as the Jedi climbs into the WOOKIEE POD and takes off into the dusk sky.

154 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-UNDERGROUND STARSHIP LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

BAIL ORGANA walks out of a tunnel onto a huge underground platform with two of his AIDES. He is stopped by TWO ROYAL GUARDS.

ROYAL GUARD: Identification . . .

BAIL ORGANA: Senator Bail Organa of Alderaan.

BAIL and his AIDES hand them their ID cards. The ROYAL GUARDS check them over and give them back, then BAIL and his CREW walk on board his Starship.

155 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-UNDERGROUND LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

The platform rises to the surface of the Office Building. The ALDERAAN STARCRUISER takes off and disappears into the crisp morning sky.

156 INT ALDERAAN-STARCRUISER-HALLWAY-DAY

BAIL ORGANA is greeted by CAPTAIN ANTILLES and TWO ALDERAAN TROOPERS.

BAIL ORGANA: Were you able to get hold of a Jedi homing beacon?

CAPTAIN ANTILLES: Yes, sir. We've encountered no opposition. The clones are still a bit confused. It appears no one is in command.

BAIL ORGANA: That will change soon. Hopefully we will be able to intercept a few Jedi before they walk into this catastrophe.

157 EXT. UTAPAU-SINKHOLE WALL-LATE DAY

OBI-WAN hides from a group of CLONE TROOPERS.

CLONE CAPTAIN: Did you find Kenobi?

CLONE TROOPER: No one could have survived that fall.

He watches them pass.

CLONE CAPTAIN: Start loading your men on the ship.

CLONE TROOPER: Yes, sir.

OBI-WAN tries to sneak back to the secret platform, down a flight of stairs.

158 EXT. UTAPAU-SECRET LANDING PLATFORM-LATE DAY

OBI-WAN makes his way out of the cave and onto General Grievous's secret landing platform. He runs to the Starfighter and climbs into the one-man ship. The Starfighter takes off and disappears into the sky.

159 EXT. UTAPAU-SPACE

OBI-WAN flies away from the planet Utapau in General Grievous's tiny Starfighter.

160 INT. GENERAL GRIEVOUS'S STARFIGHTER-SPACE

OBI-WAN activates the controls on the Starfighter. He punches in several coordinates and codes. A BEEPING SOUND is heard. It quickly speeds up until it is a steady tone. OBI-WAN speaks into his comlink.

OBI-WAN: Emergency Code Nine Thirteen ... I have no contact on any frequency. Are there any Jedi out there? . . . anywhere . . .

A BURST OF STATIC is heard- and a FUZZY HOLOGRAM image appears.

BAIL: (hologram) . . . Kenobi . . .

OBI-WAN: (continuing) I've locked on. Repeat.

The FUZZY HOLOGRAM image comes into focus, and it is BAIL ORGANA.

BAIL ORGANA: Master Kenobi??

OBI-WAN: Senator Organa! My Clone Troops turned on me ... I need help.

BAIL ORGANA: We have just rescued Master Yoda. It appears this ambush has happened everywhere. We're sending you our coordinates.

161 INT. CORUSCANT-PADMESAPARTMENT-PRE-DAWN

PADME stands before the window of her living room, watching the plume of smoke from the Jedi Temple. C-3PO enters from the bedroom.

C-3PO: My Lady, there's a Jedi fighter docking on the veranda.

PADME turns and rushes to the bedroom.

162 EXT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-VERANDA-PRE-DAWN

THREEPIO walks out to ANAKIN's ship and talks with ARTOO. ARTOO beeps.

THREEPIO: Hush! Not so loud!

PADME rushes onto the veranda as ANAKIN exits his GREEN JEDI FIGHTER. They embrace.

PADME: Are you all right? I heard there was an attack on the Jedi Temple . . . you can see the smoke from here.

ANAKIN: I'm fine. I'm fine. I came to see if you and the baby are safe.

PADME: Captain Typho's here, we're safe. What's happening?

C-3PO continues to talk to R2-D2 on the GREEN FIGHTER.

C-3PO: What is going on?

ARTOO SQUEAKS and BEEPS.

C-3PO: (continuing) You can't be anymore confused than I am.

ANAKIN: The situation is not good. The Jedi have tried to overthrow the Republic . . .

PADME: I can't believe that!

ANAKIN: I couldn't either at first, but it's true. I saw Master Windu attempt to assassinate the Chancellor myself.

C-3PO leans over and whispers to ARTOO.

C-3PO: Something important is going on! I heard a rumor they are going to banish all droids.

ARTOO BEEPS rather loudly. C-3PO puts his fingers to his lips.

C-3PO: (continuing) Shhhhhh . . . not so loud.

ARTOO BEEPS quietly.

C-3PO: (continuing) Whatever it is, we'll be the last to know.

PADME: Anakin, what are you going to do?

ANAKIN looks down for a moment and then walks away from Padme.

ANAKIN: I will not betray the Republic . . . my loyalties lie with the Chancellor and with the Senate . . . and with you.

ANAKIN turns and walks back to Padme.

PADME: What about Obi-Wan?

ANAKIN: I don't know . . . Many Jedi have been killed. We can only hope that he's remained loyal to the Chancellor.

PADME: How could this have happened?

ANAKIN: The Republic is unstable, Padme. The Jedi aren't the only ones trying to take advantage of the situation. There are also traitors in the Senate.

PADME stands and reacts ever so slightly.

PADME: What are you saying?

ANAKIN: You need to distance yourself from your friends in the Senate. The Chancellor said they will be dealt with when this conflict is over.

PADME: What if they start an inquisition? I've opposed this war. What will you do if I become a suspect?

ANAKIN: That won't happen. I won't let it.

PADME: Oh, Anakin, I'm afraid.

ANAKIN takes PADME in his arms.

ANAKIN: Have faith, my love. Everything will soon be set right. The Chancellor has given me a very important mission. The Separatists have gathered in the Mustafar system. I'm going there to end this war. Wait for me until I return . . . things will be different, I promise.

They kiss.

ANAKIN: (continuing) Please, wait for me.

PADME: I will.

ANAKIN gets into his Fighter as THREEPIO backs away.

C-3PO: (to Artoo) Well, he is under a lot of stress, Artoo.

ARTOO beeps.

C-3PO: (continuing) Take care, my little friend.

ARTOO BEEPS a good-bye, and the fighter takes off. PADME is left alone on the veranda. She starts to cry. THREEPIO comes up to her.

C-3PO: (continuing) My Lady, is there anything I might do?

PADME: No thank you, Threepio.

G-3PO: A snack, perhaps?

PADME: No.

THREEPIO starts to move off.

C-3PO: I feel so helpless.

163 EXT. ALDERAAN-STARCRUISER-SPACE

OBI-WAN's ship docks with Bail Organa's Starcruiser.

164 INT. ALDERAAN-STARCRUISER-HALLWAY-DAY

The door to the main hallway slides open. OBI-WAN enters and is greeted by YODA and BAIL ORGANA. The three walk down the hallway.

BAIL ORGANA: You made it.

YODA: Master Kenobi, dark times are these. Good to see you. it is.

OBI-WAN: You were attacked by your Clones, also?

YODA: With the help of the Wookiees, barely escape, I did.

OBI-WAN: How many other Jedi managed to survive?

YODA: Heard from no one, have we.

BAIL ORGANA: I saw thousands of troops attack the Jedi Temple. That's why I went looking for Yoda.

OBI-WAN: Have we had any contact from the Temple?

YODA: Received a coded retreat message, we have.

BAIL ORGANA: It requests all Jedi to return to the Temple. It says that the war is over . . .

OBI-WAN: Well, then we must go back! If there are other stragglers, they will fall into the trap and be killed.

BAIL ORGANA: It's too dangerous to return.

YODA: Suggest dismantling the coded signal, do you?

OBI-WAN: Yes, Master. There is too much at stake here, and we need a clearer picture of what has happened.

YODA: I agree. In a dark place we find ourselves ... a little more knowledge might light our way.

165 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LAVA FIELDS-DAY

Workers move across the lava beds, gathering the magma. A column of aliens riding giant MUSTAFAR FLEAS marches forward.

166 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY

A HOLOGRAM of DARTH SIDIOUS is in the center of the room. NUTE GUNRAY and the REST OF THE SEPARATIST COALITION watch SIDIOUS.

NUTE GUNRAY: The plan has gone as you had promised, My Lord.

DARTH SIDIOUS: You have done well, Viceroy. When my new apprentice, Darth Vader, arrives, he will take care of you.

The hologram disappears.

167 INT. CRUISER-COCKPIT

The Republic Cruiser heads toward Coruscant. OBI-WAN, BAIL, YODA, and TWO PILOTS sit in the cockpit.

PILOT: We are receiving a message from the Chancellor's office, sir.

BAIL ORGANA: Send it through.

PILOT: Yes, sir.

The PILOT pushes some buttons. MAS AMEDDA appears on screen.

MAS AMEDDA: Senator Organa . . . the Supreme Chancellor of the Republic requests your presence at a special session of Congress.

BAIL ORGANA: Tell the Chancellor I will be there.

MAS AMEDDA: Very well. He will be expecting you.

MAS AMEDDA's image disappears from the screen.

BAIL ORGANA: It could be a trap.

OBI-WAN: No, I don't think so. The Chancellor will not be able to control the thousands of star systems without keeping the Senate intact.

YODA: If a special session of Congress there is, easier for us to enter the Jedi Temple it will be.

168 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE LANDING PLATFORM-LATE DAY

OBI-WAN, BAIL, and YODA land on Coruscant. The elevator door opens, and they step out.

GUARD: Welcome back, Senator. May I see your clearance?

BAIL ORGANA: Certainly.

GUARD: Thank you, you may proceed. We will take custody of the Jedi.

OBI-WAN: It would be better if we stayed with the Senator.

GUARD: It would be better if they stayed with you.

BAIL and his AIDES go into the Senate. YODA and OBI-WAN head for the Jedi Temple.

169 EXT. MUSTAFAR-JEDI STARFIGHTER-SPACE

ANAKIN's Jedi Starfighter heads for the hazy blood-red planet of Mustafar.

170 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

ANAKIN flies over the volcanoes of Mustafar and lands his Jedi Starfighter on a complex of Landing Platforms. His cockpit opens as R2-D2 pops from the ship with a happy BEEP.

ANAKIN: Artoo . . . stay with the ship.

ARTOO lets out a sad little BEEP and moves back toward the ship.

171 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

ANAKIN, putting on his hood, walks across a walkway upon arriving on Mustafar.

172 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY

ANAKIN appears in the doorway of the control center.

NUTE GUNRAY: Welcome, Lord Vader. We've been expecting you.

Everyone in the room looks to him as he raises his hand toward a control panel, and all the exits close. The confused SEPARATISTS look around in bewilderment.

173 EXT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-LATE DAY

Smoke from the smoldering shell of the Jedi Temple fills the air with a brown haze.

174 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-MAIN ENTRANCE-LATE DAY

A DOZEN CLONE TROOPERS stand guard at the entrance of the Jedi Temple. Suddenly there is a flash of a lightsaber, a flurry of confusion, and all of the Clone Troopers are dead on the floor. YODA and OBI-WAN stand in the middle of the carnage.

OBI-WAN: There are several battalions of Clone Troopers on every level. Many are dressed as Jedi.

YODA: Dismantle the coded signal quickly. That group back there, soon discovered will be.

175 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE BUILDING-SUNSET

The awesome Senate Building looms over the city. The endless traffic continues to clutter the skyline.

176 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE CHAMBER-SUNSET

The Chancellor is in the podium in the center of the vast arena giving a speech. MAS AMEDDA stands to the right of SIDIOUS. BAIL ORGANA walks through the hallway of the Main Senate Chamber. He enters the Senate Pod of Naboo and sits next to PADME. JAR JAR, CAPTAIN TYPHO and TWO HANDMAIDENS are in the pod also.

PALPATINE: . . . and the Jedi Rebellion has been foiled.

BAIL ORGANA: I was held up. What's happening?

PADME: The Chancellor has been elaborating on a plot by the Jedi, to overthrow the Senate.

BAIL ORGANA: That's not true!

PADME: He's been presenting evidence all afternoon.

BAIL ORGANA: And the Senate will go along with it, just like they always do.

PALPATINE: The remaining Jedi will be hunted down and defeated. (applause) Any collaborators will suffer the same fate.

(applause)

These have been trying times, but we have passed the test.

177 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-HALLWAY-SUNSET

YODA and OBI-WAN make their way through the Temple, avoiding the HUNDREDS OF CLONE TROOPERS. They use the Force to distract the CLONES when they can.
YODA and OBI-WAN walk through the ruins of the Temple until they come across the bodies of some students.

OBI-WAN: Not even the younglings survived.

YODA: Killed not by clones, this Padawan. By a lightsaber, he was.

OBI-WAN: . . .Who?? Who could have done this?

178 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY

ANAKIN ignites his lightsaber, NUTE and the OTHERS panic. The DROIDS at the controls and the GUARDS grab their weapons, but it is too late. They are cut down in a flash. The Separatists bang on the doors, and NUTE and RUNE HAAKO flee under a table.

ANAKIN, stone-faced, moves through the room like the grim reaper. Bodies drop everywhere. SCREAMS are cut short as the head of the Banking Clan dies.

Then POGGLE THE LESSER loses his head; WAT TAMBOR, SHU MAI, and the REST OF THE SEPARATISTS run into the conference room.

179 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE CHAMBER-SUNSET

PALPATINE: The attempt on my life has left me scarred and deformed, but I assure you my resolve has never been stronger.

Applause.

180 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY

In the hallway, ANAKIN cuts down DROIDS and SEPARATISTS alike. He is unstoppable. ANAKIN turns his head-his eyes are yellow.

181 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE CHAMBER-SUNSET

PALPATINE continues his speech at the podium.

PALPATINE: The war is over. (applause) The Separatists have been defeated, (applause) and the Jedi rebellion has been foiled. We stand on the threshold of a new beginning.

There is a long period of APPLAUSE.

PADME: Well, this is the moment we discover if he intends to return the Republic to a democracy.

PALPATINE: In order to ensure our security and continuing stability, the Republic will be reorganized into the first Galactic Empire, for a safe and secure society which I assure you will last for ten thousand years.

There is a loud, sustained CHEER from the Senate. BAIL ORGANA and PADME sit, dumbfounded.

PALPATINE: (continuing) An empire that will continue to be ruled by this august body, and a sovereign ruler chosen for life . . .

The Senate CHEERS again. BAIL and PADME are devastated. PADME begins to cry.

PALPATINE: (continuing) An empire ruled by the majority . . . Ruled by a new constitution . . .

The Senate APPLAUDS.

PADME: So this is how liberty dies, with thunderous applause . . .

BAIL ORGANA: We cannot let this happen.

He starts to stand up. PADME stops him.

PADME: Not now! There will be a time.

182 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-CONFERENCE ROOM-DAY

After everyone in the Main Control Room is dead, ANAKIN moves to the small conference room where WAT TAMBOR. SHU MAI, and some OTHER SEPARATISTS are hiding. RUNE HAAKO tries to run but is trapped by a dead-end as ANAKIN advances.

RUNE HAAKO: Stop! Enough, this is not right!

RUNE is cut down. NUTE GUNRAY crawls out from under the table and opens the Main Door, allowing DESTROYER DROIDS to enter. WAT TAMBOR is cut down, along with SHU MAI. DESTROYER DROIDS appear in the doorway and blast away, causing total destruction. When the firing is over, ANAKIN is gone. Blown away? No. ANAKIN drops from the ceiling behind the TWO DROIDS and cuts them to pieces before they know what hit them.

183 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-HALLWAY-DAY

NUTE GUNRAY is the last Separatist leader alive. ANAKIN moves on to find NUTE GUNRAY hiding in an alcove.

NUTE GUNRAY: The war is over. Lord Sidious promised us peace ... we only want . . .

NUTE GUNRAY is cut down in midsentence.

184 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-COMPUTER ROOM-NIGHT

OBI-WAN stands in a large computer area as YODA looks on, in the hatchway to the Main Control Center.

OBI-WAN: I've recalibrated the code warning all surviving Jedi to stay away.

YODA: Good . . . For the Clones to discover the recalibration, a long time it will take. To change it back, longer still. Hurry.

185 INT. CORUSCANT-JEDI TEMPLE-CONTROL CENTER-NIGHT

OBI-WAN enters the Main Control Center with YODA and heads for the hologram area.

OBI-WAN: Wait, Master. There is something I must know . . .

YODA: If into the security recordings you go, only pain will you find.

OBI-WAN: I must know the truth, Master.

OBI-WAN moves to a panel and flips some switches. He sees a HOLOGRAM of ANAKIN slaughtering JEDI, including the YOUNG ONES. OBI-WAN and YODA react.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) It can't be . . . It can't be . . .

As ANAKIN surveys the carnage, a DARK-ROBED SITH LORD enters. ANAKIN turns to DARTH SIDIOUS and kneels before him.

ANAKIN: The traitors have been taken care of, Lord Sidious.

DARTH SlDIOUS: Good . . . good . . . You have done well, my new apprentice. Do you feel your power growing?

ANAKIN: Yes, My Master.

DARTH SlDIOUS: Now, Lord Vader, now go and bring peace to the Empire.

OBI-WAN watches in horror. Tears well up in his eyes.

OBI-WAN: I can't watch any more.

OBI-WAN switches off the hologram. The TWO JEDI stand in silence for a few moments.

YODA: Destroy the Sith, we must.

OBI-WAN: Send me to kill the Emperor. I will not kill Anakin.

YODA: To fight this Lord Sidious, strong enough, you are not.

OBI-WAN: He is like my brother ... I cannot do it.

YODA: Twisted by the dark side, young Skywalker has become. The boy you trained, gone he is . . . Consumed by Darth Vader.

OBI-WAN: How could it have come to this?

YODA: To question, no time there is.

OBI-WAN: I do not know where the Emperor has sent him. I don't know where to look.

YODA: Use your feelings, Obi-Wan, and find him, you will. Visit the new Emperor, my task is. May the Force be with you.

OBI-WAN: May the Force be with you, Master Yoda.

186 INT. CORUSCANT-PADME'S APARTMENT-AFTERNOON

A DC0052 Intergalactic Speeder pulls up to the veranda landing of Padme's apartment.

187 EXT. CORUSCANT -PADME'S APARTMENT-VERANDA-AFTERNOON

The cockpit of the sleek yellow Galactic Speeder opens, and a HOODED FIGURE emerges and walks onto the veranda. An ALARM GOES OFF deep in the apartment. The FIGURE stops before a security curtain that protects the veranda. C-3PO enters the veranda and approaches the FIGURE.

C-3PO: Hello, might I help you . . . Oh, it's you, Master Kenobi. Come in, quickly.

The security curtain disappears, and the FIGURE lifts his hood. It is OBI-WAN. The alarm stops sounding.

OBI-WAN: Has Anakin been here . . . ?

C-3PO: Yes . . . right after the attack on the Jedi Temple.

PADME comes down the stairs in a robe. THREEPIO leaves.

PADME: Master Kenobi . . .

She embraces Obi-Wan.

PADME: (continuing) Oh, Obi-Wan, thank goodness . . . you're alive.

OBI-WAN: The Republic has fallen. Padme . . . The Jedi Order is no more . . .

PADME: I know, it's hard to believe everything to which we've dedicated our lives is gone.

OBI-WAN: I believe we have been part of a plot hundreds of years in the making.

PADME: The Senate is still intact, there is some hope.

OBI-WAN: No. Padme . . . It's over . . . The Sith now rule the galaxy as they did before the Republic.

PADME: The Sith!?!

OBI-WAN: I'm here looking for Anakin . . . When was the last time you saw him?

PADME: Yesterday.

OBI-WAN: And do you know where he is now?

PADME: (looks down) No.

OBI-WAN: Padme, I need your help. He's in grave danger.

PADME: From the Sith?

OBI-WAN: From himself . . . Padme, Anakin has turned to the dark side.

PADME: You're wrong! How could you even say that?

OBI-WAN: I have seen a security hologram of him killing younglings.

PADME: Not Anakin! He couldn't!

OBI-WAN: He was deceived by a lie. We all were. It appears that the Chancellor is behind everything, including the war. Palpatine is the Sith Lord we've been looking for. After the death of Count Dooku, Anakin became his new apprentice.

PADME: I don't believe you ... I can't.

OBI-WAN: Padme, I must find him.

PADME: You're going to kill him, aren't you?

OBI-WAN: He has become a very great threat.

As PADME moves to sit down, she reveals her pregnancy.

PADME: I can't . . .

OBI-WAN: Anakin is the father, isn't he?

PADME looks away.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) I'm so sorry.

OBI-WAN turns and leaves as PADME stares transfixed, not knowing what to do. She is worried and tormented. OBI-WAN takes off in the Speeder. She studies the japor snippet that is hanging around her neck.

188 INT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

R2-D2 waits forlornly for his Master in front of the Jedi Starfighter.

189 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY

ANAKIN surveys the slaughter with a crazed look in his eyes.

190 INT. MUSTAFAR-CONTROL CENTER-BALCONY-DAY

ANAKIN stares out at Mustafar, standing on the control room balcony.

191 EXT. CORUSCANT-LANDING PLATFORM-SUNSET

A small Naboo Skiff rests on a landing platform in the vast congestion of Coruscant. PADME gets out of her Speeder, followed by CAPTAIN TYPHO and C-3PO.

CAPTAIN TYPHO: My Lady, let me come with you.

PADME: There is no danger. The fighting is over, and . . . this is personal.

TYPHO bows.

CAPTAIN TYPHO: As you wish, My Lady . . . but I strongly disagree.

PADME: I'll be all right, Captain.

He goes to the speeder and gets in.

PADME: (continuing) This is something I must do myself. Besides, Threepio will look after me.

C-3PO: Oh, dear.

TYPHO takes off and PADME and THREEPIO board the small NABOO SKIFF. A shadow moves out from under the SKIFF. It is OBI-WAN. He quickly jumps on the retracting ramp as the SKIFF takes off.

192 INT. NABOO SKIFF

THREEPIO chatters away as PADME breaks down in tears, the painful reality sinking in.

C-3PO: Green light. Do you know that I think I'm beginning to get the hang of this flying business.

OBI-WAN stows away on Padme's ship. The ship lifts from the landing platform and heads into the traffic lanes.

193 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE ARENA-CHANCELLOR'S HOLDING OFFICE-SUNSET

A HOLOGRAM OF ANAKIN appears before PALPATINE in his office at the bottom of the Senate Arena.

DARTH VADER: The Separatists are taken care of, My Master.

DARTH SlDIOUS: It is finished, then. You have restored peace and justice to the galaxy. You have done well, Lord Vader.

DARTH VADER: Thank you, My Master.

194 INT. MUSTAFAR-COXFERENCE ROOM-DAY

A Hologram of Sidious speaks with Anakin in the Mustafar control room.

DARTH SlDIOUS: Send a message to the ships of the Trade Federation. Tell them the Separatist leaders have been wiped out. Grievous and Dooku have been destroyed. All droid units must shut down immediately.

DARTH VADER: Very good, My Lord.

ANAKIN sees Padme's ship arriving on the screen and goes out to meet her.

195 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

The sleek NABOO SKIFF lands on the Mustafar landing platform near Anakin's GREEN STARFIGHTER. ANAKIN runs up to the SKIFF as the ramp lowers. PADME runs to him.

ANAKIN: Padme, I saw your ship . . .

They embrace.

PADME: Oh, Anakin!

ANAKIN: It's all right, you're safe now. What are you doing out here?

PADME: I was so worried about you. Obi-Wan told me terrible things.

ANAKIN: What things?

PADME: He said you have turned to the dark side . . . that you killed younglings.

ANAKIN: Obi-Wan is trying to turn you against me.

PADME: He cares about us.

ANAKIN: Us??!

PADME: He knows . . . He wants to help you.

ANAKIN: Is Obi-Wan going to protect you? He can't ... he can't help you. He's not strong enough.

PADME: Anakin, all I want is your love.

ANAKIN: Love won't save you, Padme. Only my new powers can do that.

PADME: At what cost? You are a good person. Don't do this.

ANAKIN: I won't lose you the way I lost my mother! I've become more powerful than any Jedi has ever dreamed of and I've done it for you. To protect you.

PADME: Come away with me. Help me raise our child. Leave everything else behind while we still can.

ANAKIN: Don't you see, we don't have to run away anymore. I have brought peace to the Republic. I am more powerful than the Chancellor. I can overthrow him, and together you and I can rule the galaxy. Make things the way we want them to be.

PADME: I don't believe what I'm hearing . . . Obi-Wan was right. You've changed.

ANAKIN: I don't want to hear any more about Obi-Wan. The Jedi turned against me. Don't you turn against me.

PADME: I don't know you anymore. Anakin, you're breaking my heart. I'll never stop loving you, but you are going down a path I
can't follow.

ANAKIN: Because of Obi-Wan?

PADME: Because of what you've done . . . what you plan to do. Stop, stop now. Come back! I love you.

ANAKIN: (seeing Obi-Wan) Liar!

PADME turns around and. sees OBI-WAN standing in the doorway of the Naboo Cruiser.

PADME: No!

ANAKIN: You're with him. You've betrayed me! You brought him here to kill me!

PADME: NO! Anakin. I swear ... I ...

ANAKIN reaches out, and PADME grabs her throat as she starts to choke.

OBI-WAN: Let her go, Anakin.

ANAKIN: What have you and she been up to?

OBI-WAN: Let her go!

ANAKIN releases his grip on the unconscious PADME and she crumples to the ground.

ANAKIN: You turned her against me.

OBI-WAN: You have done that yourself.

ANAKIN: You will not take her from me.

ANAKIN throws off his cloak.

OBI-WAN: Your anger and your lust for power have already done that.

OBI-WAN flings off his cloak.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) You have allowed this Dark Lord to twist your mind until now . . . until now you have become the very thing you swore to destroy.

They circle each other until OBI-WAN is near PADME. He places his hand on her.

ANAKIN: Don't lecture me, Obi-Wan. I see through the lies of the Jedi. I do not fear the dark side as you do. I have brought peace, justice, freedom, and security to my new Empire.

OBI-WAN: Your new Empire?

ANAKIN: Don't make me kill you.

OBI-WAN: Anakin, my allegiance is to the Republic ... to democracy.

ANAKIN: If you're not with me, you're my enemy.

OBI-WAN: Only a Sith Lord deals in absolutes. I will do what I must.

(ignites his lightsaber)

ANAKIN: You will try.

ANAKIN ignites his lightsaber.

ANAKIN lashes out at OBI-WAN, and they begin a ferocious sword fight. ANAKIN throws CONTAINERS at OBI-WAN using the Force.
They work their way off the landing platform and into the main entry hallway. ANAKIN kicks OBI-WAN, and OBI-WAN drops to a lower level.
ARTOO BEEPS his concern and rushes to the unconscious PADME's aid.

196 INT. CORRIDOR-SENATE ARENA-CHANCELLOR'S HOLDING OFFICE-NIGHT

YODA enters, using the Force to throw two RED GUARDS against the wall, knocking them unconscious. DARTH SIDIOUS turns his chair toward YODA. MAS AMEDDA stands behind SIDIOUS's desk.

YODA: I hear a new apprentice, you have. Emperor, or should I call you Darth Sidious.

DARTH SlDIOUS: Master Yoda, you survived.

YODA: Surprised?

DARTH SlDIOUS: Your arrogance blinds you, Master Yoda. Now you will experience the full power of the dark side.

The Dark Lord raises his arms, and LIGHTNING BOLTS shoot out, surrounding YODA.
YODA is picked up and thrown across the room, hitting the wall and sliding down in a crumpled heap. DARTH SIDIOUS chuckles.

197 INT. MUSTAFAR-PASSAGES TO MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN move their fight toward the main control center. As the laser swords fly, bits of the hallway are cut up. OBI-WAN and ANAKIN jump and use every trick in the Jedi book.

198 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-NABOO CRUISER-DAY

R2-D2, tries to drag PADME on board the Naboo Cruiser. C-3PO pokes his head out of the ship's doorway.

C-3PO: What are you doing? You're going to hurt her. Wait!!

C-3PO starts down the ramp.

199 INT. CORRIDOR-SENATE ARENA-CHANCELLOR'S HOLDING OFFICE-NIGHT

MAS AMEDDA leaves the room. PALPATINE approaches a stunned YODA.

DARTH SlDIOUS: I have waited a long time for this moment, my little green friend. At last, the Jedi are no more.

YODA: Not if anything I have to say about it, Lord Sidious.

YODA uses the Force to throw DARTH SIDIOUS back, knocking him clear over his desk and onto the floor in a heap.

YODA: (continuing) At an end your rule is and not short enough it was, I must say.

DARTH SIDIOUS flies through the air, cape flapping, heading toward the exit. At the last second, YODA flies into the exit and stops the Dark Lord.

YODA: (continuing) If so powerful you are, why leave??

YODA ignites his lightsaber.

DARTH SlDIOUS: You will not stop me. Darth Vader will become more powerful than either of us.

DARTH SIDIOUS ignites his lightsaber.

YODA: Faith in your new apprentice, misplaced may be, as is your faith in the dark side of the Force.

Their swords CLASH. The battle is extremely fast and furious.


200 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY

View screens EXPLODE around ANAKIN and OBI-WAN as they work their way into the Control Room. The fighting is intense. OBI-WAN is on the defensive as he jumps up on the table view screen in the center of the room.

ANAKIN: Don't make me destroy you, Master. You're no match for the dark side.

OBI-WAN: I've heard that before, Anakin . . . but I never thought I'd hear it from you.

ANAKIN forces OBI-WAN back into the Conference Room where the quarters are much closer. Sparks fly everywhere. ANAKIN jumps onto the conference table. OBI-WAN slides across the table, knocking ANAKIN over. OBI-WAN grabs ANAKINs lightsaber as he falls. OBI-WAN uses the Force to summon his dropped lightsaber. ANAKIN does the same.

201 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE CHAMBER-MAIN ARENA-NIGHT

PALPATINE seeks refuge in the vast Senate Chamber. He gets into the Chancellor's Podium and it starts to rise up into the Arena. YODA makes a giant leap into the control pod. The sword fighting is intense in the confined space.

202 INT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER-DAY

The battle intensifies.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) The flaw of power is arrogance.

OBI-WAN stands looking at his former apprentice for a moment.

ANAKIN: You hesitate . . . the flaw of compassion.

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN lock sabers. OBI-WAN puts out his hand to use the Force to push ANAKIN away. ANAKIN puts out his hand to block OBI-WAN.
Both combatants are blasted backwards onto the control panels.
They regain their footing and the battle continues. ANAKIN kicks OBI-WAN away.
They battle around the room, and eventually the door to the exterior is knocked open. They continue battling out onto the balcony.

203 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE CHAMRER-MAIN ARENA-NIGHT

YODA unleashes a ferocious assault on PALPATINE, causing him to almost go over the edge. The Dark Lord drops his lightsaber but recovers with a BLAST OF ENERGY from his hands that surrounds YODA. YODA is deflecting the Sith Lord's lightning bolts.

The energy bolts begin to arc back on the Emperor. It looks as if the Dark Lord is doomed.

YODA: Destroy you I will, just as Master Kenobi, your apprentice will destroy.

YODA jumps to a lower Senate Pod. PALPATINE reaches out with one hand, and a Senate pod is released from its mooring and heads toward the Podium. PALPATINE uses the Force to hurl pod after pod at YODA, who ducks and jumps from one flying pod to another.

YODA leaps away from the pods. He uses the Force to hold one pod suspended in the air. The pod spins and YODA throws it back at PALPATINE, who leaps away at the last moment.

YODA leaps after him, but PALPATINE quickly turns and aims the full force of his energy bolts at the tiny green Jedi, catching him in mid-air and throwing him back hard against the Podium. The force causes YODA to drop his lightsaber. YODA blocks the lightning and throws PALPATINE backwards off the podium. YODA is knocked off the Podium and falls several hundred feet to the base of the Podium. PALPATINE follows in his pod, searching for YODA.

204 EXT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER BALCONY-DAY

ANAKIN forces OBI-WAN down a narrow balcony outside the Control Room. He rips objects off the wall and throws them at OBI-WAN as he pushes him further and further along the walkway.

The balcony ends, and OBI-WAN is trapped. He looks over the balcony and into a river of lava.

ANAKIN cuts apiece of the balcony railing off, along with a control panel.
ALARMS SOUND, and a protective ray shield around the superstructure disappears. It tumbles into the molten abyss, disappearing in a puff of smoke. A small pipe connects the Control Center to the Main Collection Plant. OBI-WAN has no choice but to tightrope-walk out across the lava river while fighting ANAKIN.

205 EXT. MUSTAFAR-MAIN CONTROL CENTER BALCONY, PIPE ACROSS LAVA RIVER, MAIN COLLECTION PLANT-DAY

ANAKIN, following OBI-WAN, jumps down onto the flexing pipe, lands, and resumes fighting.

206 INT. MUSTAFAR-PIPE ACROSS LAVA RIVER-DAY

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN work their way across the small pipe, fighting ferociously as they go. OBI-WAN slips, throws his lightsaber up in the air, grabs on to the pipe, swings around, grabs on to an upper pipe, retrieves his lightsaber, and lands back on the original pipe. They continue to fight across the pipe until they reach the Main Collection Plant.

207 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-WIRING CHUTE-NIGHT

YODA squishes his way through a mass of wires in a small chute. He talks on his comlink.

YODA: Hurry. Careful timing we will need.

BAIL ORGANA: (in speeder) There aren't many troops on this side. Activate your homing beacon when you're ready.

208 INT. CORUSCANT-SENATE CHAMBER-MAIN ARENA-NIGHT

A Senate pod with COMMANDER THIRE (4477) and SEVERAL OTHER CLONE TROOPERS climb up to where MAS AMEDDA and PALPATINE are waiting. Beneath the Main Podium, TWENTY CLONE TROOPERS search for Yoda 's body.

CLONE COMMANDER THIRE: There is no sign of his body, sir.

MAS AMEDDA: Then he is not dead.

PALPATINE: Double your search.

CLONE COMMANDER THIRE: Yes sir. Right away, sir.

PALPATINE: (to Mas Amedda) Tell Captain Kagi to prepare my shuttle for immediate takeoff.

MAS AMEDDA: Yes, Master.

PALPATINE: I sense Lord Vader is in danger.

PALPATINE walks into the Arena hallway. COMMANDER THIRE descends down to the floor of the Arena, where an intense search is taking place. SEVERAL CURIOUS SENATORS rubberneck in scattered pods.

209 EXT. MUSTAFAR-COLLECTION PANELS-DAY

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN battle on the top of the multispired collection panels, jumping from one to the other. At the end of the collection cluster, a huge spray of lava covers the attachments that hold up the collectors. The frame begins to melt. It's raining lava. Both ANAKIN and OBI-WAN run for cover under the collection cluster. They continue to fight in the lava rain, darting from cover to attack, then quickly retreating to cover.
Support for the entire structure begins to fall away, and the collection cluster falls into the lava river. The Jedi continue their fight, climbing to the highest point on the tower as the rest begins to melt away as it rides the swift current down the river.

It bends toward the lava as they get out toward the end. The fighting gets fierce. OBI-WAN gets to the end and is trapped. The tower slowly starts to sink under the lava.

210 EXT. CORUSCANT-SENATE OFFICE BUILDING-NIGHT

BAIL ORGANA, in his open Cockpit Speeder, flies along next to the roof eave of the huge Senate Building. He slows and moves closer to a long row of recessed lights. Suddenly YODA falls out of one of the light recesses and lands in the Speeder. BAIL guns it and heads away from the Senate Building.

211 INT. CORUSCANT-BAIL ORGANA'S SPEEDER-NIGHT

YODA straightens himself out.

YODA: Into exile I must go. Failed, I have.

YODA and BAIL fly into the traffic of the city.

212 EXT. MUSTAFAR-COLLECTION PANELS-DAY

OBI-WAN realizes he is getting very close to the edge of the lava falls. He grabs a rope and leaps from the collection arm. ANAKIN follows.
ANAKIN and OBI-WAN continue their sword fight hanging from cables as they swing past each other.

213 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-NABOO SKIFF-DAY

C-3PO carefully lifts PADME into his arms. R2-D2 nervously looks on. BEEPING.

C-3PO: I am being careful. I've got a good hold on her, but . . . I'm worried about my back. I hope it's able to hold up under this weight.

C-3PO carries PADME into the Naboo Skiff.

214 EXT. MUSTAFAR-COLLECTION PANELS-DAY

From their cables, ANAKIN and OBI-WAN both spot something that causes them to stop fighting. The lava river ahead drops off in a tremendous lava fall.

SNAPPING AND METAL GROANS are heard as the main part of the collector starts to break away and move toward the lava fall. OBI-WAN looks around and sees a small floating platform making its way toward the tower.

OBI-WAN does a double hack-flip and lands squarely on the floating platform. He immediately leans to one side and moves away from the tower.

ANAKIN realizes he is doomed as the entire tower heads for the falls. In the distance he sees some CONSTRUCTION DROIDS. He swings back to the tower, climbs up and makes a running leap and miraculously lands on A WORKER DROID. The DROID is confused and chatters to his CO-WORKER. The giant collector goes over the lava flow and disappears in the mist of sparks below.

OBI-WAN heads for the bank of the lava river, but Anakin's DROID is faster. He catches up with his old Master.

OBI-WAN and ANAKIN continue the swordfight. They battle away, balancing on the tiny platform and puzzled DROID. ANAKIN, standing on the Droid, approaches OBI-WAN on the work platform.

OBI-WAN: I have failed you, Anakin. I was never able to teach you to think.

ANAKIN and OBI-WAN confront each other on the lava river.

ANAKIN: I should have known the Jedi were plotting to take over . . .

OBI-WAN: From the Sith!!! Anakin, Chancellor Palpatine is evil.

ANAKIN: From the Jedi point of view! From my point of view, the Jedi are evil.

OBI-WAN: Well, then you are lost!

ANAKIN: This is the end for you, My Master. I wish it were otherwise.

ANAKIN jumps and flips onto OBI- WAN's platform. The fighting continues again until OBI-WAN jumps toward the safety of the black sandy edge of the lava river. He yells at Anakin.

OBI-WAN: It's over, Anakin. I have the high ground.

ANAKIN: You underestimate my power!

OBI-WAN: Don't try it.

ANAKIN follows, and OBI-WAN cuts his young apprentice at the knees, then cuts off his left arm in the blink of an eye. ANAKIN tumbles down the embankment and rolls to a stop near the edge of the lava.

ANAKIN struggles to pull himself up the embankment with his mechanical hand. His thin leather glove has been burned off. He keeps sliding down in the black sand.

OBI-WAN: (continuing) . . . You were the Chosen One! It was said that you would, destroy the Sith, not join them. It was you who would bring balance to the Force, not leave it in Darkness.

OBI-WAN picks up Anakin's light saber and begins to walk away. He stops and looks back.

ANAKIN: I hate you!

OBI-WAN: You were my brother, Anakin. I loved you.

ANAKIN'S clothing blows into the lava river and ignites. Suddenly ANAKIN bursts into flames and starts SCREAMING.

215 INT. MUSTAFAR-VOLCANO EDGE-DAY

OBI-WAN looks in horror as ANAKIN becomes engulfed in flames. OBI-WAN can't watch him as he struggles to climb the embankment, covered in flames.

He runs back to Padme's ship as ANAKIN drops, smoldering, near the top of the lava pit.

216 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-NABOO SKIFF-DAY

OBI-WAN makes his way to the SKIFF. He looks for Padme. THREEPIO sticks his head out the door of the SKIFF.

C-3PO: Master Kenobi! We have Miss Padme on board. Please, please hurry. We should leave this dreadful place.

OBI-WAN runs on board the Naboo Skiff.

217 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-NABOO SKIFF-DAY

PADME lies on a cot or bed inside the ship. OBI-WAN walks over and checks on her.

PADME: Obi-Wan? Is Anakin all right?

OBI-WAN looks at her sadly and does not answer. He brushes her hair back. Padme drops back into unconsciousness. ARTOO watches over her.
OBI-WAN rides in the co-pilot's station. He sits looking pensive. THREEPIO drives.

218 EXT. MUSTAFAR-VOLCANO EDGE-DAY

ANAKIN crawls up the bank, his body smoking. A shuttle flies overhead and lands.

219 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-IMPERIAL SHUTTLE-DAY

An Imperial Shuttle closes its wings and settles on the highest of the Mustafar Landing Platforms. A PLATOON OF CLONE TROOPERS exits the craft, followed by DARTH SIDIOUS.

220 INT. MUSTAFAR-VOLCANO PIT-DAY

DARTH SIDIOUS walks in front of the CLONE TROOPERS on his way to get to Anakin at the edge of the lava pit.

221 EXT. MUSTAFAR-VOLCANO PIT-DAY

DARTH SIDIOUS discovers what remains of ANAKIN and checks him out. He turns to the CLONES.

DARTH SIDIOUS: Anakin! Anakin! There he is. He's still alive. Get a medical capsule, immediately.

CLONE CAPTAIN: Yes sir. Right away.

Several of the CLONES rush off as DARTH SIDlOUS puts his hand on ANAKIN's forehead.

222 INT. POLIS MASSA-OBSERVATION DOME-NIGHT

On the isolated asteroid of Polis Massa, YODA meditates.

YODA: Failed to stop the Sith Lord, I have. Still much to learn, there is ...

QUI -GON: (V.O.) Patience. You will have time. I did not. When I became one with the Force I made a great discovery. With my training, you will be able to merge with the Force at will. Your physical self will fade away, but you will still retain your consciousness. You will become more powerful than any Sith.

YODA: Eternal consciousness.

QUI-GON: (V.O.) The ability to defy oblivion can be achieved, but only for oneself. It was accomplished by a Shaman of the Whills. It is a state acquired through compassion, not greed.

YODA: . . . to become one with the Force, and influence still have . . . A power greater than all, it is.

QUI-GON: (V.O.) You will learn to let go of everything. No attachment, no thought of self. No physical self.

YODA: A great Jedi Master, you have become, Qui-Gon Jinn. Your apprentice I gratefully become.

YODA thinks about this for a minute, then BAIL ORGANA enters the room and breaks his meditation.

BAIL ORGANA: Excuse me, Master Yoda. Obi-Wan Kenobi has made contact.

223 EXT. MUSTAFAR-LANDING PLATFORM-DAY

The CLONES have placed ANAKIN in a medical capsule. They float the wounded Sith Lord into the belly of the IMPERIAL CRUISER. DARTH SIDIOUS follows the capsule into the ship. The ship takes off.

224 EXT. POLIS MASSA-LANDING PLATFORM-NIGHT

OBI-WAN lands the Naboo Cruiser on the landing platform of the isolated post of Polis Massa. YODA and BAIL ORGANA, along with a FEW GROUND CREW, are waiting as the ramp lowers and OBI-WAN emerges, carrying the unconscious PADME in his arms, followed by ARTOO and THREEPIO.

BAIL ORGANA: We'll take her to the medical center, quickly.

225 EXT. LANDING PLATFORM-CORUSCANT-IMPERIAL REHAB CENTER-DAY

The shuttle lands. DARTH SIDIOUS and CLONE TROOPERS leave the shuttle. ANAKIN's body is carried along in a floating medical capsule.

226 INT. POLIS MASSA-MEDICAL CENTER-NIGHT

POLIS MEDICS work, on PADME in an operating theater. OBI-WAN and one of the MEDICAL DROIDS enter an observation room where BAIL and YODA are waiting.

MEDICAL DROID: Medically, she is completely healthy. For reasons we can't explain, we are losing her.

OBI-WAN: She's dying?

MEDICAL DROID: We don't know why. She has lost the will to live. We need to operate quickly if we are to save the babies.

BAIL ORGANA: Babies??!!

MEDICAL DROID: She's carrying twins.

YODA: Save them, we must. They are our last hope.

The MEDICAL DROID rushes back to the operating room. ARTOO and THREEPIO watch, greatly puzzled. ARTOO BEEPS.

C-3PO: It s some kind of reproductive process, I think.

227 INT. CORUSCANT-IMPERIAL REHAB CENTER-DAY

ANAKIN, in the medical capsule, is lifted onto a table in the Rehab Center. DROIDS go to work on him. ANAKIN has new legs and a new arm.

228 INT. POLIS MASSA-MEDICAL CENTER-NIGHT

The TWINS are being delivered as BAIL ORGANA, YODA, ARTOO, and THREEPIO watch. OBI-WAN is in the operating theater with PADME. He takes her hand.

OBI-WAN: Don't give up, Padme.

PADME winces from the pain. The MEDICAL DROID is holding the BABY.

MEDICAL DROID: It's a boy.

PADME: Luke . . .

PADME can only offer up a faint smile. She struggles to touch the baby on the forehead.

MEDICAL DROID: ... and a girl.

PADME: . . . Leia.

R2-D2, THREEPIO and BAIL ORGANA watch from an adjoining space.

229 INT. CORUSCANT-IMPERIAL REHAB CENTER-DAY

VADER, dressed in his black body armor, lies on the table. Nose plugs are inserted and the mask drops from above, sealing tightly. The helmet is fitted and VADER begins breathing.

230 INT. POLIS MASSA-MEDICAL CENTER-NIGHT

OBI WAN leans over PADME and softly speaks to her.

OBI-WAN: You have twins, Padme They need you . . . hang on.

PADME: I can't . . .

PADME winces again and takes OBI-WAN's hand. She is holding Anakin's japor snippet.

OBI-WAN: Save your energy.

PADME: Obi-Wan . . . there . . . is good in him. I know there is ... still . . .

A last gasp, and she dies. Obi-Wan studies the necklace.

231 INT. CORUSCANT-IMPERIAL REHAB CENTER-DAY

DARTH SIDIOUS hovers around the periphery of a group of MEDICAL DROIDS who are working on ANAKIN. DARTH SIDIOUS paces in the foreground. A DROID approaches the Dark Lord.

MEDICAL DROID: My Lord, the construction is finished ... he lives.

DARTH SIDIOUS: Good. Good.

The DROID moves back to the table where DARTH VADER lies. The table begins to move upright. DARTH SIDIOUS moves in next to DARTH VADER.

DARTH SIDIOUS: (continuing) Lord Vader, can you hear me?

DARTH VADER, with his dark mask and helmet, moves up into the frame until he is in a CLOSEUP.

DARTH VADER: Yes, My Master.

DARTH VADER looks around the room.

DARTH VADER: (continuing) Where is Padme? Is she safe, is she all right?

DARTH SIDIOUS moves closer to the half droid/half man.

DARTH SIDIOUS: I'm afraid she died. ... it seems in your anger, you killed her.

A LOW GROAN emanates from Vader's mask. Suddenly everything in the room begins to implode, including some of the DROIDS.

DARTH VADER: I couldn't have! She was alive! I felt her! She was alive! It's impossible! No!!!

VADER SCREAMS, breaks his bonds to the table, and steps forward, waving his hands, causing objects to fly around the room. SIDIOUS deflects the objects, but some of the DROIDS aren't so lucky. VADER'S PAINFUL SCREAMS echo throughout the Center.

232 EXT. NABOO-ALDERAAN STARCRUISER

BAIL ORGANA's Starcruiser approaches the city of Theed.

233 INT. ALDERAAN CRUISER-CONFERENCE ROOM

BAIL ORGANA, YODA, and OBI-WAN sit around a conference table.

YODA: Pregnant, she must still appear. Hidden, safe, the children must be kept.

OBI-WAN: We must take them somewhere the Sith will not sense their presence.

YODA: Split up, they should be.

BAIL ORGANA: My wife and I will take the girl. We've always talked of adopting a baby girl. She will be loved with us.

OBI-WAN: And what of the boy?

YODA: To Tatooine. To his family, send him.

OBI-WAN: I will take the child and watch over him. Master Yoda, do you think Anakin's twins will be able to defeat Darth Sidious?

YODA: Strong the Force runs, in the Skywalker line. Hope, we can . . . Done, it is. Until the time is right, disappear we will.

BAIL leaves the conference room. YODA stops OBI-WAN.

YODA: (continuing) Master Kenobi, wait a moment. In your solitude on Tatooine, training I have for you.

OBI-WAN: Training??

YODA: An old friend has learned the path to immortality.

OBI-WAN: Who?

YODA: One who has returned from the netherworld of the Force to train me . . . your old Master, Qui-Gon Jinn.

OBI-WAN: Qui-Gon? But, how could he accomplish this?

YODA: The secret of the Ancient Order of the Whills, he studied. How to commune with him. I will teach you.

OBI-WAN: I will be able to talk with him?

YODA: How to join the Force, he will train you. Your consciousness you will retain, when one with the Force. Even your physical self, perhaps.

234 INT. ALDERAAN STARCRUISER-HALLWAY- SPACE

BAIL ORGANA, followed by ARTOO and THREEPIO, approaches CAPTAIN ANTILLES and TWO CREW MEMBERS.

BAIL ORGANA: Captain Antilles.

CAPTAIN ANTILLES: Yes, Your Highness.

BAIL ORGANA: I'm placing these droids in your care. Treat them well. Clean them up. Have the Protocol Droid's mind wiped.

C-3PO: Oh, no.

235 EXT. NABOO-MAIN SQUARE-DAWN

SIO BIBBLE walks with other MOURNERS.
LARGE CROWDS line the street as a flowered, covered coffin is drawn by SIX BEAUTIFUL WHITE BEASTS. SOLDIERS AND FAMILY
ATO DIGNITARIES follow the casket.
PADME's hand clutches the japor snippet.

236 EXT. DAGOBAH-DAY

A small escape pod hurls toward the swamp planet and disappears in the mist. The pod has landed, and YODA descends the ramp, surveying the unfamiliar terrain.

237 EXT. IMPERIAL STAR DESTROYER-SPACE

A Star Destroyer is surrounded by ATTACK CRUISERS. On the bridge of the Star Destroyer stands the EMPEROR and GOVERNOR
TARKIN.

DARTH VADER walks along the bridge to join the EMPEROR and GOVERNOR TARKIN. The camera PANS to reveal the huge frame
structure which is the beginning of the DEATH STAR.

238 EXT. ALDERAAN-STARCRUISER-SPACE

The ship approaches the surface of Alderaan.

239 EXT. ALDERAAN-LATE AFTERNOON

The QUEEN OF ALDERAAN sits on a balcony looking out over the awesome mountains of Alderaan. BAIL ORGANA brings a small baby to her. She takes her and rocks her.

240 EXT. TATOOINE-SUNSET

OBI-WAN rides up to the moisture farm homestead on an EOPIE. He dismounts, takes the BABY out of a papoose on his back, and walks toward AUNT BERU, who walks over to greet him. They talk for a moment, and OBI-WAN turns the baby over to the young homesteader. AUNT BERU walks to UNCLE OWEN who is standing on the ridge near the homestead. OBI-WAN leaves as OWEN, BERU, and the BABY watch the twin suns set.

IRIS OUT. END TITLES. 

STAR WARS: THE RISE OF SKYWALKER

Screenplay by

Chris Terrio & J.J. Abrams

Based on characters created by George Lucas

A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away....

STAR WARS

EPISODE IX

THE RISE OF SKYWALKER

The dead speak! The galaxy has heard a mysterious broadcast, a threat of revenge in the sinister voice of the late Emperor Palpatine.

General Leia Organa dispatches secret agents to gather intelligence, while Rey, the last hope of the Jedi, trains for battle against the diabolical First Order.

Meanwhile, Supreme Leader Kylo Ren rages in search of the phantom Emperor, determined to destroy any threat to his power....

[The crawl finishes. Pan across the star field to follow three First Order TIE ships soaring to a Star Destroyer as it hovers in front of the volcanic planet Mustafar]

EXT. MUSTAFAR - CORVAX FEN - FOREST - DAY

[In Corvax Fen, the forest of scorched irontrees on the planet surface, small fires lick the ground and charge trunks. SUPREME LEADER KYLO REN, alias BEN SOLO, now 30, uses his lightsaber to cut down Mustafarian warriors known as the ALAZMEC OF WINSIT wearing helmets outfitted with glowing yellow light to resembling eyes. With First Order stormtroopers easily taking down the natives with blasters, Kylo Ren runs straight to the warrior, slamming it to the ground. Sliding backwards, Kylo Ren spreads a small ground fire as he thrusts his lightsaber through an Alazmec behind him. Using the Force, he draws a guard to him and dispatches it before cutting off another's right arm. Eventually, he stops, breathing heavily. All of the Mustafarians are dead. Kylo then pushes the lid of a tomb the warriors had been protecting. He pulls a triangular device out of it. The Sith Wayfinder has been found. The camera zooms in at the device]

EXT. SPACE

[It transitions to Kylo Ren's Silencer, being steered through a red nebula. Kylo seems determined when he reaches his destination]

EXT. EXEGOL - DESERT - DAY

[The enormous Sith temple comes into view, shrouded in darkness and lightning. Ren leaves his ship, draws his lightsaber and activates it as he walks to the temple's opening. Brief cut to black. A hexagonal platform is lowered down into the catacombs of the planet. A familiar, ominous voice fills the air]

PALPATINE: At last...

[Ren seems uneasy. He walks through the darkness. Lightning shows the room is filled with gigantic statues from Sith leaders]

PALPATINE: Snoke... trained you well...

KYLO REN: I killed Snoke. Ill kill you.

PALPATINE: My boy... I made Snoke... (when Kylo stands still) I have been every voice.... (as Snoke) ....you have ever heard.... (as Darth Vader) ....inside your head.

[As Darth Vader's iconic gasps vanish, we're shown a different part of the ruins. Sith acolytes are connecting wires to a tank, which contains mangled bodies, several mutilated copies of Snoke. Kylo passes it, coming closer and closer to where the voice is coming from]

PALPATINE: The First Order was just the beginning... I will give you so much more...

KYLO REN: Youll die first.

PALPATINE: I have died before.

[The leader of the First Order turns his head and steps towards the voice]

PALPATINE: The dark side of the force is a pathway to many abilities, some considered to be....

[Lightning illuminates Palpatine's face]

PALPATINE: ...unnatural.

[It's clear that, whatever the Emperor has been using to sustain himself, hasn't been kind to him. His body is frail, his skin pale, his eyes empty. Ren lifts his saber, holding it mere inches away from the Emperor's throat]

KYLO REN: What could you give me?

PALPATINE: (determined) Everything.

[He spreads his mangled fingers. Force lightning sparkles between them]

PALPATINE: A new Empire.

[The Imperial March makes itself heard as a massive fleet of Star Destroyers break through the icy surface of Exegol]

PALPATINE: The might of the Final Order will soon be ready. It will be yours if you do as I ask. Kill the girl! End the Jedi.... and become what your grandfather Vader could not.

[Kylo Ren lowers his lightsaber]

PALPATINE: You will rule all the galaxy as the new Emperor. But beware.... she is not who you think she is.

KYLO REN: Who is she?

[Thunder rumbles as Palpatine smiles. Cut to black]

EXT. HYPERSPACE

INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - CENTRAL HOLD AREA

[Game pieces chittering]

[Chewbacca grunting softly]

POE: Are you ever going to go?

FINN: He can't beat us every time.

POE: Apparently he does.

FINN: How does he do it?

POE: This guy right here? It's cause he cheats.

[Groans]

POE: I'm kidding!

FINN: Oh, come on. Take your turn.

POE: You're 250 years old.

FINN: You're taking forever. That's cheating.

POE: Of course you're better than this.

FINN:That's why we think you're cheating.

[Electronic chiming]

[Chewie grunting]

FINN: Don't worry!

POE: We're not going to turn it off.

[Chewie groans]

FINN: He's cheating.

POE: Definitely. Klaud, I hope you fixed that surge.

[Klaud responds in alien language]

POE: T-minus 5.

[R2-D2 chirps]

FINN: R2.

[R2-D2 chirps]

FINN: Boolio, good to see you. You got something for us?

BOOLIO: From a new ally. A spy in the First Order!

FINN: A spy? Who?

BOOLIO: I don't know. Transfer the message! Give it to Leia, hurry!

[R2-D2 chirps]

FINN: This could be big, R2.

[R2-D2 chirps]

[Beeps]

TIE PILOT: Locked on target.

POE: Finn, we're about to be cooked!

FINN: We're almost there!!!

[Beeping]

FINN: Poe, we got it. How do we thank you?

BOOLIO: Win the war!

[Chewie groans]

POE: Sorry, I'm sorry! I know! Finn, you're supposed to be getting of those things!

FINN: Ooh! I got one!

POE: How many are left?

FINN: Too many.

[Groans]

POE: What?!

[Continues grunting]

POE: Good thinking, Chewie. Finn, we can boulder these TIEs!

FINN: I was just thinking that. Ha! Get us back to base!

POE: How thick do you think that ice wall is?

[Grunts]

[Finn grunts]

FINN: Poe?!

POE: I know, I know!

FINN: What are you dong?!

POE: Lightspeed skipping.

FINN: How do you know how to do that?

[Chewie groans]

POE: Yeah, well, Rey's not here, is she?

[Alarm wails]

POE: Last jump, maybe forever.

[Klaud screams]

POE: Hold on!!!

EXT. AJAN KLOSS - JUNGLE - DAY

[Animals chittering in distance as shes practicing using the Force with Leia training her]

REY: (softly) Be with me. Be with me. Be with me. (opens her eyes) Theyre not with me. Ugh.

LEIA: Rey. Be patient.

REY: (sighs) Im starting to think it isn't impossible.... to hear the voices of the Jedi who came before.

LEIA: Nothing's impossible.

REY: Nothing's impossible. Im going to run the training course.

[Panting]

[Grunting]

[Soft chime]

[Soft chime]

[Grunts]

[Grunting]

[Groans]

[Panting]

[Screams]

[Rey gasps]

YOUNG REY: No!

KYLO REN: (echoing) Join me.

DARTH VADER: Join me.

LUKE: Ben, no! You killed him!

HAN: Ben!

[Whimpering softly]

[BB-8 chirping]

REY: BB-8, I'm so sorry. I didnt finish the training course. Got distracted. Im just not feeling myself. I know it looks.... it looks like Im making excuses.

LEIA: Dont tell me what things look like. Tell me what they are.

REY: I think Im just tired. Thats all.

KAYDEL KO CONNIX: General.... the Falcon still hasn't arrived. Commander's asking for guidance.

[Rey hands back Lukes lightsaber to Leia]

REY: I will earn your brothers saber.... one day.

[BB-8 chirping]

REY: No, you cant do it for me.

LEIA: Never underestimate a droid.

[Leia walks off]

REY: Yes, Master.

[Man giving instructions]

NIMI CHIREEN: Rey! Falcon's back!

[All clamoring]

MAN: Come on, get over here!

MAN 2: I need a fire crew here! And another one in the back! Go, go!!!

WOMAN: Coming!

POE: It's on fire!

[BB-8 whines]

POE: Whole thing's on fire. All of it. It's on fire.

REY: Hey.

POE: Hey!

REY: There's a spy?

POE: Really could have used your help out there.

REY: How did it go?

POE: Really bad, actually. Really bad.

REY: Hans ship....

[referring to BB-8]

POE: What'd you do to the droid?

REY: What'd you do the Falcon?

POE: The Falcons in a lot better shape than he is.

REY: BB-8's not on fire.

POE: Whats left of him isnt on fire.

REY: Tell me what happened.

POE: You tell me first.

REY: You know what you are?

Poe Dameron: What?

Rey: Youre difficult. Really difficult. Youre a difficult man.

Poe Dameron: You, you are....

Finn: Rey.

Rey: Finn. Oh.

[BB-8 chirps]

REY: You made it back.

FINN: Yeah. Barely.

REY: So, bad mood?

FINN: Me?

[points to Poe]

REY: Him.

FINN: Always.

REY: Do we have a spy?

FINN: Well....

[Chewie grunts]

REY: You lightspeed skipped?

POE: Yeah, well, it got us back here, didn't it?

REY: Poe, the compressor's down.

POE: Oh, I know, I was there.

FINN: Every time.

REY: You can't lightspeed skip the Falcon!

POE: Actually, it turns out you can.

FINN: All right, guys, we just landed, okay?

REY: What happened?

POE: Bad news, that's what happened.

REY: No spy?

POE: No. Spy.

REY: Did we make contact with a spy or not?

FINN: There's a mole in the First Order, and they sent us a message.

POE: You dropped a tree on him?

REY: You blew both sub-alternators?

POE: Well, you know what.... maybe you should've been out there with us!

REY: You know I want to be out there with you.

POE: Yeah, but you're not. You're here training. For what? You're the best fighter we have. We need you. Out there, not here. Junior.... get R2 into reconditioning.

FINN: It's true.

REY: What's the message?

POE: Weve decoded the intel from the First Order spy.... and it confirms the worst. (sighs) Somehow, Palpatine returned.

[All gasp, murmuring]

ROSE: Wait. Do we believe this?

AFTAB: It cannot be. The Emperor's dead.

BEAUMONT: Dark science. Cloning. Secrets only the Sith knew.

[referring to Palpatine]

POE: Hes been planning his revenge. His followers have been building something for years. The largest fleet the galaxy has ever known. He calls it the Final Order. In 16 hours, attacks on all free worlds begin.

[Chewie groans]

POE: The Emperor and his fleet have been hiding in the Unknown Regions. On a world called Exegol.

[R2-D2 chirps frantically]

C-3PO: Exegol does not appear on any star chart. But legend describes it as a hidden world of the Sith.

BEAUMONT: There were always whispers of his hunger to cheat death.

POE: So, Palpatines been out there all the time. Pulling the strings.

LEIA: Always. In the shadows. From the very beginning.

MAZ: If we want to stop him, we must find him. Must find Exegol.

REY: General? Can I speak with you? I know how to get to Exegol.

LEIA: Tell me.

REY: Luke searched for it. For a long time. He nearly found it.

[referring to Lukes notes]

REY: There are ciphers here I cant read. But he said to get there, you need one of these. A Sith wayfinder. Theyre compasses that lead the way to Exegol. To stop what we both know is coming.... I need to finish what Luke started. Find Exegol. Find the Emperor.

LEIA: No.

REY: I dont want to go without your blessing, but I will.

[Leia just looks at her]

REY: I will. Its what you would do.

POE: So, you got her up and running?

REY: You were right before. I'm going to pick up Luke's search for Exegol. I'm going to start where his trail went cold. The Forbidden Desert of Pasaana.

[after Reys told them shes going to look for Exegol]

POE: Yeah, I know. Were going with you.

[he walks towards the Falcon]

POE: Chewie, you get that compressor fixed?

[Chewie grunts]

REY: I need to go alone.

FINN: Yeah. Alone with friends.

REY: Its too dangerous, Finn.

FINN: We go together.

[Chewie grunts]

[BB-8 chirping]

C-3PO: I wholeheartedly agree.

[Rey smiles, chuckling softly]

FINN: Rose, last chance.

ROSE: The General asked me to study the specs of the old Destroyers. So we can stop the fleet if you find it.

FINN: "If"?

ROSE: (chuckles softly) When.

FINN: When.

POE: Hey, we should get going. What is it?

REY: Nothing.

[as hes setting off to go off with Rey, Finn and Poe]

C-3PO: In the event that I do not return.... I want you to know that you have been a real friend R2. My best one, in fact.

[R2-D2 chirps happily]

REY: Theres so much I want to tell you.

LEIA: Tell me when you get back.

[she gives Rey Lukes lightsaber and Rey embraces her affectionately]

[Rey sniffles]

LEIA: Rey.... never be afraid of who you are.

[Grunts]

REY: It is.

[Muttering]

[Continues muttering]

STORMTROOPER 1: Knights of Ren.

STORMTROOPER 2: Ghouls.

KYLO REN: We have a spy in our ranks.... who just sent a message to the Resistance. Whoever this traitor is won't stop us. With what I've seen on Exegol.... the First Order is about to become a true Empire.

[pause]

KYLO REN: I sense unease about my appearance, General Hux.

ARMITAGE HUX: About the mask? No, sir. Well done.

BELLAVA PARNADEE: I like it.

DOMARIC QUINN: Forgive me, sir, but these allies on Exegol.... they sound like a cult. Conjurers and soothsayers.

ENRIC PRYDE: They've conjured legions of Star Destroyers. The Sith fleet will increase our resources 10-1,000fold. Such range and power will correct the error of Starkiller Base.

AMRET ENGELL: We'll need to increase recruitments. Harvest more of the galaxy's young.

DOMARIC QUINN: This fleet, what is it, a gift? What is he asking for in return?

[Choking]

KYLO REN: Prepare to crush any worlds that defy us. My knights and I are going hunting for the scavenger.

POE: You sure this is it?

C-3PO: These are the exact coordinates that Master Luke left behind.

[Upbeat folk music playing]

[Crowd cheering]

POE: What is this?

C-3PO: The Acky Acky Festival of the Ancestors. This celebration occurs only once every 42 years.

FINN: Well, that's lucky.

C-3PO: Lucky, indeed. This festival is known for both its colorful kites.... and its delectable sweets.

[Upbeat folk music continues]

[Light-hearted chanting]

[All chanting rhythmically]

REY: I've never seen anything like this.

FINN: I've never seen so few wayfinders.

POE: There's always random First Order patrols in crowds like these. So, keep your heads down. Chewie.

[Chewie grunting]

[Upbeat folk music continues]

[Baby alien gurgling]

POE: Let's split up. See what the locals know.

[Male alien urging]

[Creature grunting]

[Male alien telling story in alien language]

[Little aliens giggling]

[translating for the female alien theyve encountered.]

C-3PO: She is saying, "Welcome."

[Female alien speaking alien language]

[the alien gives Rey a necklace and puts it around her neck]

C-3PO: Her name is Nambi Ghima.

REY: Thats an excellent name. Im Rey.

[Speaks alien language]

C-3PO: She would be honored to know your family name, too.

[pause]

REY: I dont have one. Im just Rey.

[Quiet rumbling]

[Music and chatter quiet]

[Kylo reaches Rey through their force bond]

KYLO REN: Palpatine wants you dead.

REY: Serving another master?

KYLO REN: No. I have other plans. I offered you my hand once. You wanted to take it. Why didnt you?

REY: You could've killed me. Why didnt you?

KYLO REN: You cant hide, Rey. Not from me.

REY: I see through the cracks in your mask. Youre haunted. You cant stop seeing what you did to your father.

KYLO REN: Do you still count the days since your parents left? Such pain in you, such anger. I dont want to have to kill you. Im going to find you and Im going to turn you to the dark side. When I offer you my hand again.... youll take it.

Rey: Well see.

[Kylo suddenly reaches out and grabs the necklace Nambi gave her]

[Chatter resumes]

[Panting]

POE: Has he seen him?

REY: We have to go. Back to the Falcon. Now.

FINN: Why?

REY: It's Ren.

TISHRA KANDIA: Sir, we've had this analyzed. It comes from the Middian System, Pasaana, Forbidden Valley.

KYLO REN: Prepare my ship. Alert the local troops. Send a division.

ENRIC PRYDE: Yes, Supreme Leader.

STORMTROOPER: Freeze. Hold it right there. I've located the Resistance fugitives. All units, report....

[Groans]

MAN: Follow me. Hurry. Leia sent me a transmission.

[Man speaks alien language]

KALO'NE:Okay.

[after a masked man helps them to escape from a stormtrooper]

Finn: How'd you find us?

[the man takes off his mask to reveal himself to be Lando Calrissian, now 65]

LANDO: Wookies standout in a crowd.

[Chewie moans]

[Laughs]

[BB-8 chirps]

LANDO: It's good to see you, too, old buddy.

C-3PO: This is General Lando Calrissian.

REY: We know who he is, 3PO.

FINN: It is an honor, General.

POE: General Calrissian, we're looking for Exegol.

LANDO: Of course, you are. Only 2 were made.

REY: A Sith wayfinder.

[BB-8 chirps]

REY: Luke Skywalker came here to find one.

LANDO: (chuckles) I know. I was with him. Luke and I were tailing an old Jedi hunting. Ochi of Bestoon. He was carrying a clue that could lead to a wayfinder. We followed his ship halfway across the galaxy here. When we got to his ship, it was abandoned.... No clue. No wayfinder.

REY: Is Ochi's ship still here?

LANDO: It's out in the desert, where he left it.

REY: We need to get to that ship. Search for it.

[Engines whirring in distance]

LANDO: I got a bad feeling about this. Ochi's ship is out past Lurch Canyon. Go.

POE: Thank you, General.

[Grunts softly]

LANDO: You, too, Chewie.

REY: Leia needs pilots, General.

LANDO: My flying days are long gone. But do me a favor.... give Leia my love.

REY: You should give it to her yourself. Thank you.

[Rey leaves]

POE: There! Those speeders!

[Speeder powers up]

FINN: How do you know how to do that?

C-3PO: No need to worry. I made it.

[Male aliens exclaiming and shouting]

POE: We got to go.

STORMTROOPER: (into comlink) We spotted the fugitives.

[Finn yelps]

[Grunts]

[BB-8 chirping]

[we see the rebels being chased by Stormtroopers who are also using jetpacks to fly]

[Chewie grunts]

C-3PO: Oh! They fly now!

FINN: They fly now?!

POE: They fly now! Did we lose them?!

FINN: Looks like it!

C-3PO: Excellent job, sir! Terrible job, sir!

[BB-8 chirping]

REY: Not now, BB-8.

[Screams]

REY: Never underestimate a droid.

[Grunts]

FINN: Poe?!

[Yelps]

[Screams]

FINN: Whoo!!!

POE: Yeah!!! (laughs)

C-3PO: Right, ho!

[Groaning]

REY: Ochi's ship. I've seen that ship before.

POE: Rey!

FINN: You get all of them?

[Rey screams]

[All yelling]

[Chewie groans]

[Rey grunts]

[Engine whining]

[Grunting]

POE: What the hell is this?!

[BB-8 chirps frantically]

[as they are sinking in through the quicksand]

REY: Sinking fields! Try to grab something!

C-3PO: Will this agony ever end?!

POE: Come on!

REY: BB-8! No!

[BB-8 chirps in panic]

FINN: Rey! Rey, I never told you....

REY: What?! Finn!

[they all sink]

[Muffled chirping]

[Woman giving instructions]

SNAP: General. We're getting reports of a raid at the Festival of Ancestors.

LEIA: This mission is everything. We cannot fail. Any words from Rey?

SNAP: Falcons not responding.

ROSE: Do you have to say it like that?

SNAP: Like what?

LEIA: Do me a personal favor? Be optimistic.

SNAP: Yes, maam. Uh, this is.... This is terrific. Youre not going to believe how well this is going to turn out.

[Rose sighs, turns and walks away]

SNAP: Its going to be great.

[BB-8 chirping]

[after they sink in through the sand and end up in underground tunnels]

[Poe groaning]

[Spits]

POE: Rey! Finn!

C-3PO: You didnt say my name, sir, but Im all right.

[Muffled grunting]

POE: You all right?

REY: Yeah. Where's Finn?

POE: Where's Chewie?

[Chewie groaning]

FINN: I'm good.

C-3PO: Ah. Master Finn.

[after they end up in the underground tunnels]

FINN: What is this place?

C-3PO: This isnt the afterlife, is it? Are droids allowed in here?

POE: I thought we were goners.

C-3PO: We might still be.

FINN: Which way out?

REY: We have to hurry. So, what was it?

FINN: What?

REY: What you were going to tell me?

FINN: When?

REY: When you were sinking in the sand, you said.... "I never told you...."

FINN: Ill tell you later.

POE: You mean when Poes not here?

FINN: Yeah. Mm-hmm.

POE: Were going to die in sand burrows and were all keeping secrets?

FINN: Ill tell you when you tell us about all that shifty stuff you do.

[Chewie grunts]

POE: I don't want to know what made these tunnels.

C-3PO: Judging by the circumference of the tunnel walls....

POE: I said I do not want to know. Not. What's that?

FINN: Is that a speeder?

REY: What? An old one.

C-3PO: Perhaps we will find the driver.

[BB-8 chirping]

POE: Yep, BB-8, I think dead, too.

C-3PO: Oh, my. A hex charm.

POE: A what?

C-3PO: A common emblem of Sith loyalists.

REY: Sith.

FINN: This was Ochi's?

REY: Luke sensed it. Ochi never left this place.

FINN: And he ended up down here.

POE: He was headed for his ship. Same thing happened to us, happened to him.

FINN: So, how did Ochi get out?

REY: He didn't.

[Chewie groans]

[after they find Ochis bones in the underground tunnel]

FINN: No, he didn't.

POE: Bones. I dont like bones.

C-3PO: Bones? Never a good sign.

[BB-8 chirping]

REY: Yeah, I see it.

[after finding the dagger in the underground tunnel]

[Woman whimpers]

REY: (whispers) Horrible things.... have happened with this.

POE: There's writing on it.

C-3PO: Perhaps I can translate. Oh. The location of the wayfinder, has been inscribed upon this dagger. Its the clue that Master Luke was looking for.

POE: And?

FINN: Wheres the wayfinder?

C-3PO: I am afraid I cannot tell you.

POE: 20.3 fazillion languages, and you cant read that?

C-3PO: Oh, I have read it, sir. I know exactly where the wayfinder is. Unfortunately, it is written in the runic language of the Sith.

REY: So what?

C-3PO: My programming forbids me from translating it.

POE: So, youre telling us the one time we need you to talk, you cant?

C-3PO: Irony, sir. I am mechanically incapable of speaking translations from Sith. I believe the rule was passed by the Senate of the Old Republic....

[just then a giant sand worm appears behind C-3PO]

[BB-8 yelps]

[Snarling]

C-3PO: Serpent, serpent, serpent!!!

[Rey panting]

[BB-8 chirps softly]

[Creature growls]

FINN: Rey.

[Hissing]

[Snarling]

POE: Finn?

FINN: Shh.

[Creature growls softly]

[Hissing]

POE: I'm going to blast it.

FINN: Don't blast it.

[Growls softly]

[Rey breathing nervously]

[Groaning]

[Breathing deeply]

[Creature moans]

[after Rey healing the sand worm that was about to attack them]

[Creature chitters softly]

[Poe sighing with relief]

[BB-8 chirps]

REY: I just transferred a bit of life. Force energy from me to him.

[BB-8 chirps]

REY: You would've done the same.

[after leaving the underground tunnel]

C-3PO: We cannot possibly fly in that old wreck . POE: We got to keep moving. Find someone who can translate that dagger. Like a helpful droid.

C-3PO: I suggest we return to the Millennium Falcon at once.

POE: Theyll be waiting for us at the Falcon.

FINN: Yeah, theyll throw us in the Pits of Griq.

POE: Yeah. And use you as a target droid.

C-3PO: You both make excellent points, at times.

FINN: What is it?

REY: I'll be right behind you. It's okay.

POE: Let's see what we got. Let's get those converters fired up.

C-3PO: (shudders) What a filthy ship!

[Ship powering up]

POE: Look at that.

FINN: Where is she?

POE: Finn, help me out over here.

FINN: Chewie, tell Rey we got to go.

[Grunts]

[Panting]

[Engine roaring in distance]

POE: What's she doing? Where the hell's Chewie?

FINN: It's Ren.

[Indistinct chatter in distance]

STORMTROOPER: All right, let's go. Get in the transport.

STORMTROOPER 2: Move, animal!

[Breathing heavily]

[Engine roaring in distance]

[Rey panting]

[Alarm wailing]

[Metal screeching]

[Engine whining]

FINN: Rey! Rey!

[Engine whirring]

FINN: They got Chewie! They got him!

[Grunting]

[Straining]

[Panting]

[Grunts]

[after Rey accidentally destroys the First Order transport that had captured Chewie with Force lightning]

REY: Chewie!!!

FINN: No!!!

[Gasping]

POE: Rey! We got to go! They're coming!

FINN: Rey, come on!!!

[Breathing shakily]

FINN: Rey!

POE: We got to go!

REY: (whispers) Chewie.

FINN: Rey, come on!!!

[Gasping]

REY: I lost control.

FINN: It wasnt your fault.

REY: It was.

FINN: No. It was Ren. He made you do it.

REY: Chewies gone. That power came from me. Finn, there are things you dont know.

FINN: Then tell me.

[pause, breathing shakily]

REY: I, uh, had a vision. Of the throne of the Sith. And who was on it.

FINN: Ren?

REY: (inhales sharply) And me.

ARMITAGE HUX: We recovered the scavenger's ship, but she got away. Under the command of the Knights of Ren, we suffered losses. A transport was destroyed.

ENRIC PRYDE: I've seen the report. That all?

ARMITAGE HUX: No, Alligiant General. There was another transport in the desert. It brought back a valuable prisoner.

ENRIC PRYDE: Prisoner?

[Chewie groaning]

ARMITAGE HUX: The beast used to fly with Han Solo.

[Roars]

ENRIC PRYDE: Take it to Interrogation 6.

STORMTROOPER: Move it.

POE: We've only got 8 hours left. So, what are we going to do?

FINN: What can we do? We got to go back to base.

POE: We dont have time to go back. We are not giving up. If we do that, Chewie died for nothing.

FINN: Poe, Chewie had the dagger!

POE: Well, then we got to find another way.

FINN: Well, there isnt. That was the only clue to the wayfinder thing, and its gone.

C-3PO: So true. The inscription lives only in my memory now.

POE: Hold on. The inscription that was on the dagger is in your memory?

C-3PO: Yes, Master Poe. But the translation from a forbidden language cannot be retrieved. That is short of a complete redacted memory bypass.

FINN: A complete what?

C-3PO: Its a terribly dangerous and sinful act.... performed on unwitting droids by dregs and criminals.

FINN: Lets do that.

POE: I know a black market droidsmith.

C-3PO: Black market droidsmith?

POE: But he's on Kijimi.

FINN: What's wrong with Kijimi?

POE: I had a little bad luck on Kijimi. But if this mission fails, its all been for nothing. All weve done, all this time.

FINN: Were all in this. (looks over to Rey) Until the end.

[Rey takes his hand]

REY: For Chewie.

[Finn holds his hand to Poe]

POE: Hands?

FINN: Hands.

[Poe takes his hand]

POE: For Chewie. Kijimi.

[C-3PO comes over and takes Poes hand]

[BB-8 chirps softly]

[BB-8 chirps]

[Powering up]

D-O: Battery charged. Hello.

[BB-8 chirping]

D-O: Hello.

REY: Hello.

D-O: No.... No, thank you.

[BB-8 chirping]

REY: Looks like someone treated him badly. It's all right. You're with us now.

[BB-8 chirps softly]

[after they arrive on Kijimi]

ANNOUNCER: (on P.A.) U-A-T-T walker patrol, head down Thoroughfare 60.

[Alarm wailing]

[Banging on door]

[Angry chatter]

STORMTROOPER: Open up. You're wanted for questioning.

[Banging on door]

STORMTROOPER 2: Check this side of the street.

[Alien speaks alien language]

[Alien gasps]

STORMTROOPER 3: Door is locked. Move on to the next one.

STORMTROOPER 4: Give me regular reports, please.

STORMTROOPER 5: You, up against the wall. Show me your identification. Where's your identification?

POE: They're everywhere.

[Woman shouts]

WOMAN: Please! Leave her alone! She didn't do anything.

POE: Alright, I know what we should do.

C-3PO: So do I. We should leave.

POE: Clam it, 3PO. Follow me. All right. Let's head down this way.

[as they bump into Zorii Bliss on Kijimi]

ZORII: Heard you were spotted at Monk's Gate. Thought, "He's not stupid enough to come back here."

POE: Oh, you'd be surprised.

REY: Who's this?

FINN: What's going on?

POE: Guys, this is Zorii. Zorii, this is Rey and Finn.

ZORII: I could pull this trigger right now.

POE: I've seen you do worse.

ZORII: For a lot less.

POE: Can we just, uh.... talk about this?

ZORII: I want to see your brains in the snow.

POE: So youre still mad? Zorii, we could use your help. We got to crack this droids head open and fast.

C-3PO: Pardon me!

POE: Were trying to find Babu Frik.

ZORII: Babu? Babu only works with the crew. Thats not you anymore.

REY: What crew?

ZORII: Oh, funny he never mentioned it. Your friends old job was running spice.

FINN: You were a spice runner?

POE: You were a stormtrooper?

REY: Were you a spice runner?

POE: Were you a scavenger? We could do this all night.

ZORII: You don't have all night. You know, I'm still digging out of the hole you put me in when you left to join the Resistance. You. You're the one they're looking for. Bounty for her just might cover us. Djak'kankah!!!

POE: Don't djak'kankah.

[All grunting]

[Both panting]

REY: We could really use your help. Please.

ZORII: Not that you care.... (continues panting) ... but I think you're okay.

REY: I care.

STORMTROOPER 1: T-18's online yet?

STORMTROOPER 2: Yes, sir. Scouting the perimeter.

ZORII: Walkers. Stay close by.

FINN: Poe Dameron, spice runner. Runner of spice.

POE: All right.

FINN: Get your spice!

REY: Come on, 3PO.

C-3PO. Oh.

ZORII: Babu's in the back.

[Indistinct chatter and laughter]

[Upbeat fusion music playing]

[Alien speaks alien language]

C-3PO: Don't mind us.

[as 3PO is having his memory unlocked]

C-3PO: I havent the faintest idea why I agreed to this. I must be malfunctioning. I must be malfunctioning.

REY: Babu Frik? Can you help us with this?

[Speaking alien language]

REY: Zorii? Is this going to work?

[Zorri and Babu Frik conversing alien language]

ZORII: He says he's found something in your droid's forbidden memory bank. Words, translated from Sith.

REY: That's it.

FINN: Yeah, that's what we need.

ZORII: Who are you hanging out with that speaks Sith?

[referring to 3PO]

POE: Can you make him.... Babu, can you make him translate it?

[Zorri and Babu Frik conversing alien language]

[Zorii translates for Babu]

ZORII: Yes. But it will cause a complete....

C-3PO: A complete memory wipe.

POE: Wait, wait, wait. We make him translate it.... he wont remember.... anything?

BABU: Droid, memory go blank.

C-3PO: Oh!

BABU: Blank, blank.

C-3PO: There must be some other way.

FINN: Doesnt R2 back up your memory?

C-3PO: Oh, please. R2s storage units are famously unreliable.

REY: You know the odds better than any of us. Do we have a choice?

[pause]

C-3PO: If this mission fails.... it was all for nothing. All weve done.... all this time.

[as C-3PO is looking at them all before his memory gets wiped]

POE: What are you doing there, 3PO?

C-3PO: Taking one last look, sir.... at my friends.

D-O: Sad.

[Muffled thudding]

BABU: Uh-oh.

ZORII: Night raids are going to start soon. I'll keep lookout.

POE: I'm coming with you.

ZORII: (scoffs) You still don't trust me, huh?

POE: Did you ever trust me?

ZORII: Nope.

[Laughs]

KYLO REN: Report, General Pryde.

ENRIC PRYDE: There's been a development, sir. The Knights of Ren have tracked the scavenger.

FRANTIS GRISS: To a settlement called Kijimi.

ARMITAGE HUX: Shall we destroy the city, Supreme....?

[Crackling]

[Babu Frik muttering]

C-3PO: I just had the idea. There's something else we could try.

[C-3PO powers down]

[Exclaiming in alien language]

[Distant explosions]

POE: How long's it been like this?

ZORII: First Order took most of the kids a long time ago. Can't stand the cries anymore. I've saved up enough to get out. I'm going to the Colonies.

POE: How? All those hyperlanes are blocked. That's the First Order Captain's medallion. I've never seen a real one.

ZORII: Free passage through any blockade. Landing privileges, any vessel.

[Helmet whirs]

ZORII: want to come with me?

POE: (sighs) I can't walk out on this war. Not till it's over. Maybe it is. We sent out a call for help at the Battle of Crait. Nobody came. Everyone's so afraid. They've given up.

ZORII: I don't believe you believe that. Hey. They win by making you think you're alone. Remember? There's more of us.

D-O: Squeaky wheel. I have a squeaky wheel. Squeak eliminated. Thank you. Very kind.

REY: Somethings not right about all of this.

FINN: Hmmmm?

REY: I know where Ive seen it. The ship he was on. Ochis ship.

FINN: What?

REY: The day my parents left. They were on that ship.

FINN: Are you sure?

[Door opens]

ZORII: There's an incoming Destroyer.

POE: We got to go now. Did we get it? Babu?

BABU: Droid is ready!

[Spark crackles]

C-3PO: (in robotic voice) The Emperor's wayfinder is in the Imperial vault. At Delta 3-6, Transient 9-3-6, Bearing 3-2.... on a moon in the Endor system. From the southern shore. Only this blade tells. Only this blade tells.

[C-3PO powers down]

[Whooping]

FINN: The Endor system. Where the last war ended?

[Rumbling]

FINN: Rey!

REY: Rens Destroyer.

POE: Hes here?

[Rey senses something]

REY: Chewie?

FINN: What about him?

REY: Hes on Rens ship. Hes alive.

POE: What? How?

REY: Hes alive! He must've been on a different transport.

FINN: We got to go get him!

ZORII: Your friend's on that sky trash?

POE: I guess he is.

[after 3PO has translated the Sith message and had his memory wiped]

C-3PO: (in normal voice) Might I introduce myself? I am C-3PO, Human Cyborg Relations. And you are?

POE:Okay, thats going to be a problem.

BABU: Hello. I Babu Frik.

C-3PO: Why, hello!

POE: 3PO, move your metal ass. Were almost there.

C-3PO: How dare you! Weve only just met!

ZORII: Poe. Might get you on a capital ship. Go help your friend.

POE: Zorii, I don't think I can take this.

ZORII: I don't care what you think.

POE: We have to go. Now.Come with us.

ZORII: Poe.

POE: Can I kiss you?

ZORII: (laughingly) Go.

WOMAN: We've done nothing wrong!

FEMALE STORMTROOPER: No sudden moves. What is that? Stop moving.

[Beeps, whirring]

[as they are about to go rescue Chewie from Kylos ship]

POE: Medallion's good. Clear for entrance into Hangar 12.

REY: Hang on, Chewie. Were coming.

C-3PO: Whoever this Chewie person is, this is madness!

[after they break into Kylos ship and encounter two Stormtroopers]

STORMTROOPER: Credantials and manifest.

[Both scream]

FEMALE STORMTROOPER: Close the blast doors.

REY: You 3, stay there.

C-3PO: Happily.

POE: Which way?

FINN: Uh, no idea. Follow me.

[Door whirs]

STORMTROOPER 1: Drop your weapons!

[using the Jedi mind trick]

REY: Its okay that were here.

[they lower their weapons]

STORMTROOPER 1: Its okay that youre here.

STORMTROOPER 2: Its good.

REY: Youre relieved that were here.

STORMTROOPER 1: Thank goodness youre here.

STORMTROOPER 2: Welcome, guys.

POE: (to Finn) Does she do that to us?

REY: Were looking for a prisoner and his belongings. The cameras.

FINN: They said Chewie's this way. Rey, come on.

REY: The dagger is on this ship. We need it.

POE: Why?

REY: A feeling. I'll meet you back at the hangar.

FINN: Rey, you can't just....

POE: Chewie.

[Man whimpering]

[Creature grunts]

KYLO REN: Search the city again. She's close.

[rescuing Chewie]

[Finn chuckles with relief]

[Chewie grunts]

POE: Of course we came for you, Chewie.

[Grunts]

FINN: Yeah, Rey's here. She's going to get the dagger.

[Alarm blaring]

ENRIC PRYDE: Whose ship is this?

FINN: The ship's this way. Follow me.

FEMALE STORMTROOPER: Over here!

[as they try to make their way back to their ship]

FINN: Wrong way!

POE: There's not really a right way, is there?

STORMTROOPER 2: I found them.

FEMALE STORMTROOPER: Blast them!

[Chewie grunts]

STORMTROOPER 2: Over there! There they are. Get them!

[Stormtroopers groaning]

POE: We close?

FINN: Straight ahead.

FEMALE STORMTROOPER 2: Blast them!

STORMTROOPER 3: Halt!

[Grunts]

[Chewie grunts]

FINN: Poe!!!

[Poe groaning]

FINN: Are you okay?

[Footsteps approaching]

POE: Nope.

STORMTROOPER 4: You there, hands up! Drop your weapons now!

STORMTROOPER 5: Put your weapons down! Drop them!

STORMTROOPER 4: Drop them now!

POE: Hey, fellas.

FEMALE STORMTROOPER 3: Shut up, scum.

[Chewie laughs]

[Rey gets the Sith dagger from Kylos quarters]

REY'S MOTHER: No!

YOUNG REY: No!

REY: No.

[Kylo contacts Rey through their force bond]

KYLO REN: Rey.

[Gasps]

KYLO REN: Wherever you are.... you are hard to find.

REY: Youre hard to get rid of.

KYLO REN: I pushed you in the desert, because I needed to see it. I needed you to see it. Who you are. I know the rest of your story. Rey.

[Rey turns and lights up her lightsaber]

REY: (quietly) Youre lying.

KYLO REN: I never lied to you. Your parents were no one. They chose to be. To keep you safe.

REY: Dont!

KYLO REN: You remember more than you say. Ive been in your head.

REY: I dont want this!

KYLO REN: Search your memories.

REY: No!!!

[Grunting]

[Rey attacks Kylo with her lightsaber, but he stops her]

KYLO REN: Remember them. See them.

[Rey then has vision of her parents]

[Breathing shakily]

REY'S MOTHER: My love. Rey, be brave.

REY'S FATHER: You'll be safer here. I promise.

YOUNG REY: Come back! (crying) No!

[Grunts]

[referring to her parents]

KYLO REN: They sold you to protect you.

REY: Stop talking.

KYLO REN: Rey, I know what happened to them.

[Rey grunting]

STORMTROOPER: Move it! Allegiant General, the scavenger is not with them.

ENRIC PRYDE: Take them away. Terminate them.

[Grunting]

KYLO REN: Tell me where you are. You dont know the whole story. It was Palpatine who had your parents taken. He was looking for you. But they wouldnt say where you were. So he gave the order.

REY'S MOTHER: She's not on Jakku. She's gone.

[Stabs]

REY'S MOTHER: No!

REY: No!

[Gasps]

[after Kylos discovered that Rey is on his Destroyer]

KYLO REN: So that's where you are. You know why the Emperors always wanted you dead.

REY: No.

KYLO REN: Ill come tell you.

[Kylo breaks their vision bond]

[Gasps]

KYLO REN: She was in my quarters. Lock down the ship.

[after they have been captured on Kylos Destroyer and Hux is about to kill them]

ARMITAGE HUX: Actually.... I'd like to do this myself.

POE: What were you going to tell Rey before?

FINN: You still on that?

POE: Oh, Im sorry, is this a bad time?

[Chewie groaning]

FINN: Yeah. Sort of is a bad time, Poe.

POE: Well, 'cause later doesn't really look like an option. If you're going to let something off your chest, maybe now's not the worst time to....

[they start bickering, then they hear the blaster going off and turn to see Hux has killed the Stormtroopers]

ARMITAGE HUX: Im the spy.

POE: What?!

FINN: You?!

ARMITAGE HUX: We dont have much time.

POE: I knew it.

FINN: No, you did not.

STORMTROOPER: What's your operation number?

[C-3PO speaks gibberish]

STORMTROOPER: That's not even a language.

[Rey grunting]

C-3PO: Oh, dear! My first laser battle.

REY: Where are the others?

C-3PO: They haven't come back.

[Engine whirring in distance]

REY: Find them. Go.

C-3PO: Yes.

D-O: Friends ahead.

[BB-8 chirps]

C-3PO: Oh, yes, there they are!

[as Hux leads them to the Falcon and is helping them to get off the Destroyer]

FINN: BB-8, come on!

ARMITAGE HUX: I'll shut down the impeders. You've got seconds.

POE: There she is. She's a survivor.

ARMITAGE HUX: Wait. Wait. Blast me in the arm. Quick.

FINN: What?!

ARMITAGE HUX: Or theyll know.

[Finn blasts him in the leg, instead]

ARMITAGE HUX: No! Ahh!

[Groans]

FINN: Why are you helping us?

ARMITAGE HUX: I dont care if you win. I need Kylo Ren to lose.

[Breathing heavily]

[after Kylo arrives on the Destroyer and faces Rey]

REY: Why did the Emperor come for me? Why did he want to kill a child? Tell me.

KYLO REN: Because he saw what you would become. You dont just have power. You have his power. Youre his granddaughter. You are a Palpatine.

[Rey looks shocked, gasping softly]

KYLO REN: My mother was the daughter of Vader. Your father was the son of the Emperor. What Palpatine doesnt know is were a dyad in the Force, Rey. 2 that are one.

[Wind whistling]

KYLO REN: Well kill him together and take the throne.

[Breathing raggedly]

[Kylo takes off his helmet]

KYLO REN: You know what you need to do. You know.

[he offers his hand to Rey]

REY: I do.

[Engine whirring]

[just then Poe and the others arrive on the Falcon]

POE: Hold her steady! Finn, move fast!

FINN: Rey! Come on!

[Breathing heavily]

FINN: Come on! I got you!

[Grunting]

[referring to Poe, Finn and Reys escaping on the Falcon]

ARMITAGE HUX: It was a coordinated incursion, Allegiant General. They overpowered the guards and forced me to take them to their ship.

ENRIC PRYDE: I see. (to one of the officers) Get me the Supreme Leader.

FIRST ORDER OFFICER: Yes, sir.

[Pryde takes one of the Stormtroopers weapons, blasts Hux and kills him]

[Grunts]

ENRIC PRYDE: Tell him we found our spy.

POE: I don't know why they're not following us, but I don't trust it.

[Chewie grunts]

POE: Landing gear's busted? How busted?

[Popping]

[Rey sighs]

REY: All that matters is the wayfinder. Finding Exegol.

FINN: That's what we're doing.

REY: He killed my mother. And my father. Im going to find Palpatine.... and destroy him.

FINN: Rey.... that doesnt sound like you.

[Device turns off]

FINN: Rey, I know you....

REY: People keep telling me they know me. Im afraid no one does.

[Shuts lid]

PALPATINE: The Jedi apprentice still lives. Perhaps you have betrayed me. Do not make me turn my fleet against you.

KYLO REN: I know where shes going. Shell never be a Jedi.

PALPATINE: Make sure of it. Kill her.

[they arrive at Kef Bir]

[Device whirring]

[Crashing in distance]

[Wind whistling]

D-O: What.... What is that?

REY: It's the Death Star. A bad place from an old war.

POE: It's going to take us years to find what we're looking for.

C-3PO: Oh, dear.

REY: (quietly) "Only this blade tells." The wayfinder's there.

[Creature braying]

POE: Heads up.

[encounter Jannah and her group]

JANNAH: Rough landing.

POE: I've seen worse.

JANNAH: I've seen better. Are you Resistance?

POE: That depends.

JANNAH: We picked up a transmission from someone named Babu Frik.

C-3PO: Babu Frik? Oh, hes one of my oldest friends.

JANNAH: HE said you'd come. He said you were the last hope.

REY: We have to get to that wreck. There is something inside there we need.

JANNAH: I can take you there by water.

FINN: Have you seen the water?

JANNAH: Not now. Too dangerous. We can go first light tomorrow.

REY: We can't wait that long. We don't have the time.

POE: Or the choice. Let's get that ship fixed. Do you have any spare parts?

JANNAH: Some. I'm Jannah.

POE: I'm Poe.

[BB-8 chirps]

D-O: Hello.

[Brays]

D-O: No thank you. No, thank you.

[BB-8 chirps]

[as they are trying to fix the Falcon whilst on Kef Bir]

C-3PO: What a dreadful situation. Is every day like this for you people? Madness.

POE: Did we ever find this volume control?

JANNAH: It's an O-6, but should work.

FINN: Thank you. This is a First Order part.

JANNAH: There's an old cruiser on the west edge. Stripped for parts. The one we were assigned to. The one we escaped in.

FINN:Okay, wait. You were First Order?

JANNAH: Not by choice. We were conscripted as kids. All of us. I was TZ-1719. Stormtrooper.

FINN: FN-2187.

JANNAH: You?

FINN: I never knew there were more.

JANNAH: Deserters? All of us here were stormtroopers. We mutinied at the Battle of Ansett Island. They told us to fire on civilians. We wouldnt do it. We laid our weapons down.

FINN: All of you?

JANNAH: The whole company. (chuckles) I dont even know how it happened. It wasnt a decision, really, it was like....

FINN: An instinct. Feeling.

JANNAH: A feeling.

FINN: The Force. The Force brought me here. It brought me to Rey. And Poe.

JANNAH: You say that like youre sure its real.

FINN: Its real. I wasnt sure then.... but I am now.

[BB-8 chirping]

POE: What is it, buddy?

[BB-8 continuing chirping]

POE: What do you mean you haven't seen her?

[after takes a skimmer and heads towards the wayfinder by herself]

JANNAH: She took the skimmer?

[Grunting]

[Grunts]

POE: What the hell was she thinking?!

FINN: Poe, we got to go after her.

POE: We'll get the Falcon fixed, and get out there as fast as we can.

FINN: No, we're going to lose her.

POE: Look, she left us! What do you want to do, swim?

FINN: Shes not herself. You have no idea what shes fighting.

POE: And you do?

FINN: Yeah, I do. And so does Leia.

POE: Well, Im not Leia.

FINN: Thats for damn sure.

[Grunting]

JANNAH: Finn. There's another skimmer.

[Water trickling]

[Metal groaning]

[Panting]

[Gasps]

[Grunting]

[Grunting]

[Door opening]

[Steam hissing]

[Indistinct whispering]

[Gasps softly]

[after Rey finds the wayfinder and sees a vision of herself as a Sith]

[Gasps]

SITH REY: Dont be afraid of who you are.

[Rey grunting]

[they have short duel]

[Snarls]

[Grunts]

[after which Rey drops the wayfinder and Kylo picks it up]

[Indistinct whispering]

KYLO REN: Look at yourself. You wanted to prove to my mother that you were a Jedi.... but you've proven something else. You cant go back to her now. Like I cant.

[referring to the wayfinder]

REY: Give it to me.

KYLO REN: (shudders) The dark side is in our nature. Surrender to it.

REY: Give it.... to me.

[Breathing raggedly]

KYLO REN: The only way youre getting to Exegol is with me.

[Kylo then destroys the wayfinder]

REY: No!!!

[they start dueling]

[Rey grunting]

[Kylo Ren grunts]

[as Leia senses Kylo and Rey dueling]

[R2-D2 chirping worriedly]

MAZ: Leia knows what must be done, R2. To reach her son now.... will take all the strength she has left.

[Breathing heavily]

[Muffled lightsabers clashing]

[Gasps]

FINN: Rey! Rey!!!

REY: No!

[Groans]

[Grunting]

[Yells]

[Grunts]

JANNAH: No, we can't follow them!

FINN: I can't leave her!

JANNAH: We can't!

FINN: Rey!!!

[Grunts]

[Panting]

[Rey grunting]

[Rey panting]

[Panting heavily]

[Grunting]

[Whimpers]

[as Kylo get the upper hand in their duel and is about to strike Rey he suddenly hears Leia through the Force]

LEIA: (softly) Ben.

[Leia exhales]

[Kylo drops his lightsaber, Rey catches it and impales him with it]

[Yells]

[Leia exhales deeply]

[but then she senses Leia death and stops]

REY: Leia.

[Breathing shakily]

[R2-D2 whines]

[Rey sobs softly]

[Rey sniffles]

[Kylo Ren gasping in pain]

[Breathing heavily]

[after Rey Force heals Kylo]

[Exhales sharply]

[Rey sniffles, sighs]

[Kylo Ren breathing heavily]

REY: I did want to take your hand. Bens hand.

[she then runs off and takes Kylos ship]

MAZ: Goodbye, dear Princess.

[after Leias death, and Rey leaving....]

LARMA D'ACY: Poe, something's happened.

POE: Finn.

FINN: This can't wait.

POE: We've got to see the General.

LARMA: She's gone.

[Chewie groans]

FINN: Chewie....

[Crying]

[Chewie weeping]

[Kylo hears Hans voice]

HAN: Hey, kid.

[Kylo turns and sees Han]

HAN: I miss you, son.

[Breath trembling]

KYLO REN: Your son is dead.

HAN: (chuckles quietly) No. Kylo Ren is dead. My son is alive.

KYLO REN: Youre just a memory.

HAN: Your memory. Come home.

KYLO REN: Its too late. Shes gone.

HAN: Your mothers gone. But what she stood for, what she fought for.... thats not gone.

[as Kylo is having a vision memory with Han]

HAN: (sighs) Ben.

KYLO REN: I know what I have to do.... but I dont know if I have the strength to do it.

[Han touches Kylos face and smiles]

HAN: You do.

KYLO REN: Dad....

[Sobbing silently]

HAN: I know.

[Kylo throws his lightsaber into the water where it sinks forever and turns to see Han gone]

PALPATINE: (into hologram) The Princess of Alderaan has disrupted my plan.... but her foolish act will be in vain. Come to me on Exegol, General Pryde.

ENRIC PRYDE: As I served you in the old wars, I serve you now.

PALPATINE: Send a ship to a world they know. Let it burn. The Final Order begins. She will come, her friends will follow.

ENRIC PRYDE: Yes, my Lord.

SIMERO QUONIT: Levels holding steady at 85%.

MILON LENWITH: Captain. Kijimi is in range.

CHESILLE SABROND: Fire.

POE: Kijimi? How?

LARMA D'ACY: A blast from a Star Destroyer.

[Sighs]

LARMA D'ACY: A ship from the new Sith fleet. Out of the Unknowns.

BEAUMONT: The Emperor sent a ship from Exegol. Does that mean every ship in the fleet....

POE: Has planet-killing weapons. Of course they do. All of them. This is how he finishes it.

ROSE: Listen. It's on every frequency.

[Indistinct radio chatter]

BEAUMONT: "The Resistance is dead. The Sith flame will burn. All worlds, surrender or die. The Final Order begins."

ROSE: Leia made you acting General. What now?

[sitting by Leia body]

POE: (sighs) I got to tell you, I dont really know.... how to do this. What you did.... Im not ready.

LANDO: Neither were we.

[Poe sees Lando approaching]

LANDO: Han, Luke, Leia, me.... Whos ever ready?

POE: How'd you do it? Defeat an empire with almost nothing.

LANDO: We had each other. Thats how we won.

FINN: Hey, don't touh that. That's my friend's.

D-O: Sorry. She is gone?

FINN: Yeah, she's gone. I don't know where.

D-O: I miss her.

FINN: I miss her, too. So, what's your name? I got to talk to you about something.

POE: I got to talk to you about something. I cant do this alone. I need you in command with me.

[referring to D-O]

FINN: This droid has.... Thank you, I appreciate that.

POE: General.

FINN: General. This droid has a ton of information about Exegol.

POE: Wait, what? Cone face?

D-O: I am D-O.

POE: Sorry. D-O.

FINN: He was going to Exegol with Ochi of Bestoon.

POE: Why was Ochi going there?

FINN: To bring the little girl he was supposed to take from Jakku to the Emperor. He wanted her alive.

[after Rey has exiled herself on Ahch-To]

[Exhales sharply]

[Grunting]

[Panting]

[Porgs chitters]

[Inhales deeply]

[Grunts]

[she is about to throw Lukes lightsaber into the burning wreckage of Kylos ship, suddenly Lukes hand catches it]

[Gasps]

LUKE: A Jedis weapon deserves more respect.

REY: Master Skywalker.

LUKE: What are you doing?

[Rey continues her conversation with Lukes Force spirit]

REY: I saw myself on the dark throne. I wont let it happen. Im never leaving this place. Im doing what you did.

LUKE: I was wrong. It was fear that kept me here. What are you most afraid of?

REY: Myself.

LUKE: Because youre a Palpatine.

[Rey looks surprised]

LUKE: Leia knew it, too.

REY: She didnt tell me.

[Luke sits next to Rey]

REY: She still trained me.

LUKE: Because she saw your spirit. Your heart. Rey. Some things are stronger than blood. Confronting fear is the destiny of a Jedi. Your destiny. If you dont face Palpatine.... it will mean the end of the Jedi. And the world will be lost. Theres something my sister would want you to have.

[Rey grunts]

[we see Rey take out a lightsaber from its hiding place on the island]

REY: (softly) Leia saber.

LUKE: It was the last night of her training.

[we see flashback of young Luke and Leia training]

[Grunting]

LUKE: Leia told me that she had sensed the death of her son at the end of her Jedi path. She surrendered her saber to me and said that one day.... it would be picked up again.... by someone who would finish her journey. 1,000 generations live in you now. But this is your fight. Youll take both sabers to Exegol.

REY: I cant get there. I dont have the wayfinder. I destroyed Rens ship.

LUKE: You have everything you need.

[Indistinct whispering]

REY: 2 were made.

[Rumbling]

[R2-D2 chirping]

[upon seeing R2-D2]

C-3PO: Oh, hello. I am C-3PO, human-cyborg relations. And you are?

[R2-D2 chirps as he looks taken aback]

C-3PO: What?

[R2-D2 chirps]

C-3PO: Well, I am quite certain I would remember if I had a best friend.

[R2-D2 chirping a reply]

C-3PO: You want to put what in my head? Under no circumstances....

[the next shot shows R2 loading 3POs memory back into his head]

[Whirring]

C-3PO: (in robotic voice) Memory restoration complete. (in normal voice) R2, have you heard? I am going with Mistress Rey on her very first mission.

[R2-D2 chirping a reply]

C-3PO: I already have?

[R2-D2 chirping]

C-3PO: Picking up a signal? From whom?

FINN: All the information you need for an airstrike on Exegol.

POE: Yeah, except how to get there. Are you seeing these atmo readings?

FINN: It's a mess out there. Magnetic crossfields.

ROSE: Gravity wells, solar winds.

POE: How does a fleet even take off from there?

C-3PO: (to Poe and Finn) Im terribly sorry. Im afraid R2s memory bank must be crossed with his logic receptors. He says he is receiving a transmission from Master Luke.

POE: That's an old craft ID. That's Luke Skywalker's X-wing.

C-3PO: It's transmitting course marker signals on its way to the Unknown Regions.

FINN: It's Rey.

[BB-8 chirping]

[Indistinct whispering]

FINN: Shes going to Exegol.

[we see Rey flying Lukes ship to go to Exegol]

FINN: Shes showing us. Shes showing us how to get there.

POE: Then we go together.

[Indistinct announcing on P.A.]

BEAUMONT: Come on, buddy, we need you.

[as they are discussing their plan for getting to Exegol]

FINN: As long as those Star Destroyers are on Exegol we can hit them.

BEAUMONT: Hit them how?

ROSE: They can't activate their shields until they leave atmosphere.

POE: Which isn't easy on Exegol. Ships that size need help taking off. Nav can't tell which way's up out there.

WROBIE TYCE: So, how do the ships take off?

POE: They use a signal from a navigation tower, like this one.

FINN: Except they won't. Air team's going to find the tower, ground team's going to blast it.

VANIK: Ground team?

FINN: I have an idea for that.

POE: Once the tower's down, the fleet will be stuck in atmo.... for just minutes, with no shields, and no way out.

ROSE: We think hitting the cannons might ignite the main reactors.

LANDO: That's our chance.

BEAUMONT: We need to pull some Holdo maneuvers. Do some real damage.

FINN: Come on. That move is one in a million. Fighters and freighters can take out their cannons if there are enough of us.

NIEN NUNB: There aren't enough of us!

KAYDEL KO CONNIX: He's right. We'd be no more than bugs to them.

FINN: That's where Lando and Chewie come in.

[discussing their plan for getting to Exegol]

FINN: Theyll take the Falcon to the Core Systems. Send out a call for help for anybody listening.

POE: Weve got friends out there. Theyll come if they know theres hope.

[All murmuring]

[the group looks skeptical]

POE: They will. First Order wins by making us think were alone. Were not alone. Good people will fight if we lead them.

FINN: Leia never gave up. And neither will we. Were going to show them were not afraid.

POE: What our mothers and fathers fought for.... we will not let die. Not today. Today we make our last stand. For the galaxy. For Leia. For everyone weve lost.

FINN: Theyve taken enough of us. Now we take the war to them.

[Indistinct whispering]

[Breathing heavily]

FEMALE SITH OFFICER: (over comlink) She's on approach.

ENRIC PRYDE: All ships rise to development altitude.

[Emergency siren wailing]

POE: I know it's a rough ride.... but stay locked on Rey's course.

[R2-D2 chirps]

FEMALE FLEET TECHNICIAN: Clear run frequency.

SITH TROOPER: Captain, we have Resistance craft incoming.

CHESILLE SABROND: Allegiant General....

ENICE PRYCE: (over hologram) Use ion cannons!

[as the Resistance arrives in Exegol]

POE: Look at that fleet. Damn it! Welcome to Exegol!

VANIK: Watch your starboard, Wexley!

SNAP: Whoa!

POE: Get to their altitude. They can't fire on us without hitting each other. Don't give up! Help is coming.

FINN: There it is. Poe, I see it. I've got a visual on the tower.

[Breathing heavily]

[Lasers firing]

SNAP: Incoming TIEs!

POE: I see 'em! I got you, Finn.

FINN: You ready back there?

JANNAH: Never been readier.

FIRST ORDER OFFICER: They're targeting the navigation tower.... so the fleet can't deploy.

ENRIC PRYDE: Then we won't use that tower. Switch over the source of navigation signal to this ship. We'll guide the fleet out ourselves.

WROBIE TYCE: The navigation tower has been deactivated.

FINN: What?!

SNAP: Those ships need that signal. It's got to be coming from somewhere.

POE: They figured out what we're doing. Call off the ground invasion.

FINN: Wait. The nav signal's coming from that command ship. Thats our drop zone.

JANNAH: How do you know?

FINN: A feeling.

WROBIE TYCE: You want to launch a ground invasion on a Star Destroyer?

FINN: I don't want to, but we can't take out that ship's nav system from the air. Give us cover. We got to keep that fleet there till help arrives.

ROSE: We hope.

FINN: We hope.

POE: You heard the General. All Wings, cover that lander!

FRANTIS GRISS: They've landed a troop carrier.

ENRIC PRYDE: Jam the speeders.

MASIR TRACH: I can't.

ENRIC PRYDE: Why not?

MASIR TRACH: They're not using speeders.

FINN: Not bad for one lesson!

JANNAH: You had a good teacher!

BEAUMONT: Keep going!

[BB-8 chirping]

FINN: You're doing great, buddy! The tower's up ahead!

[Voices chanting in alien language]

[Chanting stops]

[The camera pans around Rey. Then...]

PALPATINE: Long have I waited

[The girl turns around and finally comes face to face with Palpatine. The lightning shows the metal arm Palpatine has been connected to]

PALPATINE: ...for my grandchild to come home. (smiling) I never wanted you dead. I wanted you here... Empress Palpatine.

[He points towards the throne]

PALPATINE: You will take the throne.

[The scavenger girl gasps and steps back]

PALPATINE: It is your birthright to rule... here. It is in your blood. Our blood.

[Rey breathes shakily, continuing to step back]

REY: I havent come to lead the Sith.... I have come to end them.

PALPATINE: As a Jedi?

REY: Yes...

PALPATINE: No. Your hatred, your anger. You want to kill me? That is what I want. Kill me and my spirit will pass into you, as all the Sith live in me.... You will be Empress.... We will be one.

POE: Those thrusters are hot. Hew are we doing?

FINN: We're going to blow our way in, and take out that nav tower.

JANNAH: All hatches are blast-proof!

FINN: ALL right, BB-8, you're up!

JANNAH: I'll cover you!

[Grunts]

[Yells]

[BB-8 chirps]

[Jannah grunting]

[Beeps]

[Finn grunts]

JANNAH: This should do it.

[Finn grunts]

[System powering down]

FINN: There it goes!

POE: Nice one, Finn! Nav signal's down, but not for long!

MASIR TRACH: We're offline, sir.

ENRIC PRYDE: Reset the navigation signal!

FIRST ORDER TECHNICIAN: Minutes away, sir.

JANNAH: Finn, let's go!

FINN: No, no, wait, listen. The crown cannons have stopped. They're resetting their systems.

JANNAH: So?!

FINN: I got to go do something.

JANNAH: I'm staying with you.

SNAP: Still no Falcon or backup.

[R2-D2 chirps]

POE: I don't know, R2. Maybe nobody else is coming.

AFTAB: What do we do, General?!

POE: We got to hit them ourselves.

WROBIE TYCE: What can we do against these things?

POE: Just stay alive!

PALPATINE: The time has come!

[Gasping]

PALPATINE: With your hatred, you will take my life. And you will ascend.

REY: All you want is for me to hate, but I wont. Not even you.

PALPATINE: Weak. Like your parents.

REY: My parents were strong. They saved me from you.

PALPATINE: Your Master Luke Skywalker was saved by his father. The only family you have here.... is me.

[Rumbling]

[Palpatine shows Rey the Resistance fighting with Palpatines fleet]

PALPATINE: They dont have long.

[Rey shuddering]

PALPATINE: No one is coming to help them. And you are the one who led them here. Strike me down. Take the throne. Reign over a new Empire.... and the fleet will be yours. Only you have the power to save them. Refuse, and your new family.... dies.

[Rey looking emotional, nods her head reluctantly]

PALPATINE: Good.

[Grunts]

KYLO REN: Ow.

ROSE: Finn, where are you?! The lander's leaving! Finn!

FINN: Go without us. We're taking this entire ship down.

ROSE: What? How?

FINN: We're going to hit the command deck. Rose, please. Go.

BEAUMONT: Rose.

KAYDEL KO CONNIX: Rose.

JANNAH: I'll get the trigger!

PALPATINE: The ritual begins!

[Disciples chant]

PALPATINE: She will strike me down.... and pledge herself as a Sith.

[Disciples chanting]

[Disciples continue chanting]

PALPATINE: She will draw her weapon.

[Disciples chant]

[Rey lights her saber]

PALPATINE: She will come to me.

[Disciples chant]

[Grunting]

[Rey starts walking towards Palpatine]

PALPATINE: She will take her revenge.

[Disciples chant]

[Groans]

[Panting]

PALPATINE: And with a stroke of her saber.... the Sith are reborn!

[Disciples chant]

PALPATINE: The Jedi are dead!!!

[Disciples chant]

PALPATINE: Do it! Make the sacrifice!

[Breathing heavily]

[Grunting]

[just then Rey sees Kylo, now as Ben, smiles, nods and he nods his head in return]

[after Rey and Ben come together to defeat Palpatine]

PALPATINE: Stand together, die together!

[The Emperor strikes. Both Rey and Ben are incapacitated, their lightsabers flying away in the distance. As Palpatine pulls then to the ground, Force Energy is drained from the two heroes, startling him. The Emperor stares at his hands]

PALPATINE: The lifeforce of your bond.... A dyad in the Force...

[The mangled hands become whole again]

PALPATINE: A power like life itself.

[Rey and Ben are utterly helpless]

PALPATINE: Unseen for generations. And now.... the power of two... restores the one... true... Emperor.

[With his strengthened Sith powers, Palpatine drains more Force Energy out of his two prisoners. Rey shrieks, Ben grits his teeth. The Emperor cackles maniacally as his pupils light up under his robe]

POE: Snap, theyre on your tail!

SNAP: Yeah, I see 'em!

POE: No, no, no, Snap, Snap!

[the TIE fighter shoots at Snaps X-Wing, Snap screams]

POE: No!!!

[Snaps ship crashes and explodes]

PILOT: (over comlink) Alpha 3 is down. They're on my tail! I can't get.... (screams)

PILOT 2: (over comlink) They're everywhere!

PILOT 3: (over comlink) Delta Leader's hit!

PILOT 4: (over comlink) Losing altitude!

PILOT 5: (over comlink) General, what's our next move?!

PILOT 6: (over comlink) Poe, what now?!

POE: My friends.... Im sorry, I thought we had a shot. But theres just too many of them.

LANDO: (over comlink) But there are more of us, Poe. There are more of us.

POE: Look at this. Look at this.

[Laughing]

FINN: Lando, you did it. You did it!!!

POE: Hit those underbelly cannons. Every one we knock out is a world saved.

WEDGE: Nice flying, Lando.

SOLDIER: We have a ship down. We lost a Destroyer.

FEMALE FIRST ORDER OFFICER: Systems not responding.

[referring to the Resistance]

PRYDE: Where did they get all these fighter craft? They have no navy.

FRANTIS GRISS: It's not a navy, sir, it's just people.

ZORII: (over comlink) So long, sky trash!

POE: Who's that flyer?

ZORII: Take a guess, spice runner!

[Babu Frik whooping]

POE: Ha! Zorii! You made it!

[But someone else has made it too. The fully rejuvenated Emperor steps out of the dust, free off the Omrin harness and more powerful than ever before]

PALPATINE: Look what you have made.

[Disciples chanting]

[Ben grunts]

PALPATINE: As once I fell.... so falls the last Skywalker.

[he throws Ben into a chasm]

[Grunts]

[to his fleet as they are being attacked by the Resistance]

PALPATINE: Do not fear that feeble attack.... my faithful. Nothing will stop the return of the Sith!

[he starts to attack the entire Resistance with Force lightning]

POE: R2, my systems are failing!

[R2-D2 screeches]

POE: Does anyone copy?

[Laughing evilly]

[Groans]

[Breathing deeply]

[a weakened Rey watches the Resistance being destroyed by Palpatines Force lightning]

REY: Be with me. Be with me. Be with me.

[Rey hears the voices of past Jedi]

OBI-WAN: These are your final steps, Rey. Rise and take them.

ANAKIN: Rey.

AHSOKA: Rey.

KANAN: Rey.

ANAKIN: Bring back the balance, Rey, as I did.

LUMINARA: In the night, find the light, Rey.

MACE: Youre not alone, Rey.

YODA: Alone, never have you been.

QUI-GON: Every Jedi who ever lived lives in you.

ANAKIN: The Force surrounds you, Rey.

AAYLA: Let it guide you.

AHSOKA: As it guided us.

MACE: Feel the Force flowing through you, Rey.

ANAKIN: Let it lift you.

ADI: Rise, Rey.

QUI-GON: We stand behind you, Rey.

OBI-WAN: Rey.

YODA: Rise in the Force.

[Grunts]

KANAN: In the heart of a Jedi lies her strength.

OBI-WAN: Rise.

QUI-GON: Rise.

LUKE: Rey, the Force will be with you, always.

[Rey finally rises, stands before Palpatine and lights her saber]

[Breathing heavily]

PALPATINE: [to Rey] Let your death be the final word.... in the story of the Rebellion.

[as Rey is deflecting Palpatines Force lightning with her saber]

POE: I'm back on! This is our last chance. We got to hit those cannons now!

[Rey grunting]

PALPATINE: You are nothing! A scavenger girl is no match for the power in me. I am all the Sith!

[Grunts]

REY: And I...

REY: ...am all the Jedi.

[Grunts]

[Rey uses Luke and Leias lightsabers]

[Rey straining]

[Groaning]

[Rey grunts]

[Screaming]

[Then, the sabers disintegrate Palpatine's (Darth Sidious') body, killing him]

[Rey grunts]

[Disciples screaming]

[Jannah gasps]

C'AI: Poe, the command ship!

POE: Their fleet is stuck here! They're toast! Come on! Finn, you seeing this?!

ROSE: Finn didn't board the lander.

POE: They're still on that command ship?

[Both yelping]

[Jannah straining]

POE: I see them. I'm going to get them.

WROBIE TYCE: General, you won't make it.

POE: Trust me, I'm fast!

LANDO: Not as fast as this ship. Hold on, Chewie! (laughs)

[Chewie grunts]

JANNAH: Finn!!!

[Both yell]

FINN: No, Rey.

[Breathing shakily]

[Panting]

[Groans]

[Ben breathing heavily]

[Breath trembling]

[Breathing deeply]

[after Ben has used Force healing to resurrect Rey]

REY: (softly) Ben.

[Both breathing shakily]

[the two embrace and kiss]

[Chuckles]

[then Ben dies, his body vanishing as it becomes one with the Force]

[Cries softly]

[Leias body vanishes, also, and becomes the same as her son did]

FINN: There, look! Red 5 is in the air. Rey's alive.

POE: I see her.

FINN: People are rising up all over the galaxy.

[Panting]

FINN: (over comlink) Poe. We did it.

POE: We did it.

[Grunts]

[as the Resistance are celebrating their victory]

[Happy chatter and laughter]

[BB-8 chirps]

D-O: Happy.

ROSE: Chewie!

FEMALE SOLDIER: Hi!

MALE SOLDIER: Good job!

MAZ: Chewie. This is for you.

[she gives him medal]

[Chewie grunting softly]

[Grunts]

[R2-D2 chirps]

[Engine whirring]

C-3PO: Did you hear that?

[BB-8 chirping excitedly]

JANNAH: Where are you from, General?

LANDO: The Gold system. Well, what about you, kid?

JANNAH: Oh. I don't know.

LANDO: Well, let's find out.

[All cheering]

[Sobs softly]

EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - JUNDLAND WASTES - LATE DAY

The Millennium Falcon soars over 4 JAWAS at a campfire near a sandcrawler. One of the Jawas exclaim in a Jawaese language.

EXT. TATOOINE - DESERT - LARS' HOMESTEAD - LATE DAY

Rey descends from the ramp of the landed ship and stares out at the desert terrain. As she heads away from the Falcon, BB-8 rolls down the ramp and watches her walk towards the Lars' moisture farm. Clouds hang low in the pale sky above the farm's entry dome. Reaching the edge of the recessed homestead, Rey gazes in and finds it partially filled with sand, the 2 moisture vaporators dirty and rust-stained. Pulling a metal panel from the sand, she sits on it and sleds down the slope into the homestead.

INT. LARS' HOMESTEAD - BURNT DINING AREA

She rises and gazes around, then exhales, her eyes filled with wonder. Walking to the entrance of the 35-year-old burnt dining area, she stands beneath its arched doorway and looks inside.

EXT. DESERT - LARS' HOMESTEAD - EARLY SUNSET

Later, she gently places the Skywalker lightsabers side-by-side on a cloth which lies on the sand. She folds in the edges of the cloth, covering the Jedi weapons, then ties them together with a leather strap and rests her hand on them. On one knee, she closes her eyes. The swaddled lightsabers sink into the sand before her. As they descend deeper, deeply rumbling, sand caves into the cavity, burying them forever. Rey opens her eyes and stares after them solemnly, then lifts a new lightsaber which she holds, fashioned from one end of her quarterstaff. She activates it. A yellow blade extends, and her pensive gaze flickers over it. She rises, extinguishing the saber, and sees an ELDERLY WOMAN with an ETOBI, an giraffelike creature, which lets out a grunt.

TATOOINE ELDER: Theres been no one for so long. Who are you?

REY: Im Rey.

TATOOINE ELDER: Rey who?

Rey blinks, lowering her gaze. Her brow furrows. As she looks after the side, two ghosly figures start to appear. The Skywalker Twins (Luke and Leia) come into view, stainding side-by-side. They smile warmly at Rey. She smiles back, then turns to the elderly woman, her eyes shining.

REY: Rey Skywalker.

As the twin suns lift into the sky, Rey faces the horizon. BB-8 rolls to her side, and together, they watch the binary sunrise. Iris out, the end credits roll, along with John Williams' last Star Wars composition: a suite of the End Credits Theme, the Rise of Skywalker theme, the Anthem of Evil, the Imperial March, Rey's Theme, a reprise of The Rise of Skywalker and, to close things out, the Main Title theme, followed by the Throne Room theme to end the movie] 

STAR WARS: THE LAST JEDI

Written and directed by

Rian Johnson

Based on characters created by George Lucas

A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away...

STAR WARS

EPISODE VIII

THE LAST JEDI

The FIRST ORDER reigns. Having decimated the peaceful Republic, Supreme Leader Snoke now deploys his merciless legions to seize military control of the galaxy.

Only General Leia Organa's band of RESISTANCE fighters stand against the rising tyranny, certain that Jedi Master Luke Skywalker will return and restore a spark of hope to the fight.

But the Resistance has been exposed. As the First Order speeds toward the rebel base, the brave heroes mount a desperate escape....

Pan across the star field to reveal D'Qar. A huge Resistance cruiser vessel called the Raddus, which is named after the Mon Calamari Admiral Raddus, himself, ascends from the planet, accompanied by an escort of smaller spacecraft.

EXT. D'QAR - RESISTANCE BASE - DAY

On the planet's surface, LIEUTENANT KAYDEL KO CONNIX and her tall colleague JONES oversee the frantic evacuation of the rebel base.

JONES: We're not clear yet! There's still 30 pallets of cannon shells in C bunker.

KAYDEL KO CONNIX: Forget the ammunition, there's no time. Just get everyone on the transport. (hears a distant boom) Oh, no.

Connix and Jones look up and see two Resurgent-class Star Destroyers appear in the cloudy blue sky, quickly joined by the Star Destroyer Finalizer.

INT. STAR DESTROYER FINALIZER - BRIDGE

On board the bridge, CAPTAIN EDRISON PEAVEY of the Finalizer watches the Raddus in the distance, then turns to GENERAL ARMITAGE HUX.

PEAVEY: We've caught them in the middle of their evacuation.

ARMITAGE HUX: I have my orders from Supreme Leader Snoke himself. This is where we snuff-out the resistance once and for all. Tell Captain Canady to prime his dreadnought. Incinerate their base, destroy their transports and obliterate their fleet.

EXT. SPACE - DAY

The enormous Mandator IV-class Siege Dreadnought known as the Fulminatrix, owned by CAPTAIN MODEN CANADY, pops from hyperspace and into the foreground from the far reaches of space. Two massive cannons slung beneath the ship's belly begin to lower and take aim.

INT. STAR DESTROYER FINALIZER - BRIDGE PIT

In the destroyer's bridge pit, a beautiful yet stern monitor eyes a red X shape on her radar screen, her surroundings lit red for ideal visibility during battlefield conditions.

MONITOR: General, Resistance ship approaching. Launching shields in attack mode.

ARMITAGE HUX: (incredulous) A single light fighter?

EXT. SPACE - DAY

The X-wing ship faces off with the Fulminatrix. The tiny droid BB-8 occupies the tailseat with COMMANDER POE DAMERON up front.

INT. X-WING SHIP - COCKPIT

POE: Happy beeps here, buddy, come on.

INT. RADDUS - CONTROL ROOM

GENERAL LEIA ORGANA monitors him from the control room.

POE: (over intercom) We've pulled crazier stunts than this.

LEIA: Just for the record, Commander Dameron, I'm with the droid on this one.

POE: (over intercom) Thank you for your support, General.

INT. X-WING SHIP - COCKPIT

POE: Happy beeps. Attention! (flicks a switch) This is Commander Poe Dameron of the Republic fleet, I have an urgent communique for General Hux.

INT. STAR DESTROYER FINALIZER - BRIDGE PIT

LANK PAZE: Patch him through.

ARMITAGE HUX: This is General Hux of the First Order. The Republic is no more. Your fleet are rebel scum and war criminals. Tell your precious princess there will be no terms... there will be no surrender.

POE: (over intercom) Hi, I'm holding for General Hugs.

HUX: This is Hux. You and your friends are doomed! We will wipe your filth from the galaxy.

POE: (over intercom) OK, I'll hold.

ARMITAGE HUX: Hello?

POE: (over intercom) Hello? Yup. I'm still here.

ARMITAGE HUX: (to Paze) Can you.... can he hear me?

The officer LANK PAZE nods from the bridge pit.

POE: (over intercom) Hugs?

ARMITAGE HUX: He can.

POE: (over intercom) With an 'H'. Skinny guy. Kinda pasty.

ARMITAGE HUX: I can hear you. Can you hear me?

POE: (over intercom) Look, I can't hold forever. If you reach him.... tell him Leia has an urgent message for him.

PEAVEY: I believe he's tooling with you, sir.

POE: (over intercom) About his mother.

ARMITAGE HUX: Open fire!!

INT. X-WING SHIP - COCKPIT

Poe's ship's display is beeping rapidly.

POE: BB-8, punch it!

EXT. SPACE - DAY

BB-8 beeps excitedly. As the X-wing's rear nozzles fire, it hurdles forward. The velocity causes BB-8's head to slip back from his round body.

INT. STAR DESTROYER FINALIZAR - BRIDGE

PEAVEY: He's going for the dreadnought.

ARMITAGE HUX: Ha! He's insane.

INT. X-WING SHIP - COCKPIT

POE: (grunts) Wa-hoo! That's got a kick.

EXT. SPACE - DAY

Poe's fighter soars atop of the Fulminatrix's hull, weaving and rolling throughout the aircraft's laserfire.

INT. X-WING SHIP - COCKPIT

Poe manages to fire the Fulminatrix's enemy cannons with fire of his own.

INT. STAR DESTROYER FINALIZER - BRIDGE

Hux watches with the grim expression.

INT. X-WING SHIP - COCKPIT

POE: All right, taking out the cannons now. Tallie, start your approach.

TALLIE: (over intercom) Copy that.

INT. DREADNOUGHT FULMINATRIX - BRIDGE

Hux's hologram appears.

ARMITAGE HUX: (into hologram) Captain Canady, why aren't you blasting that puny ship?!

CANADY: That 'puny ship' is too small and at too close range. We need to scramble our fighters! Five bloody minutes ago.

GONERIL: He'll never penetrate our armor.

CANADY: He's not trying to penetrate our armor. He's clearing out our surface cannons.

INT. X-WING SHIP - COCKPIT

POE: There's one cannon left. And here comes the parade.

EXT. SPACE - DAY

A squadron of enemy TIE fighters swoops over in pursuit. BB-8 chirps nervously.

INT. X-WING SHIP - COCKPIT

POE: Yeah, yeah, I see 'em!

EXT. SPACE - DAY

As one of the TIE ships opens fire on Poe's X-wing ship's aft, sparks fly.

INT. X-WING SHIP - COCKPIT

Poe's ship's cockpit machinery are sparking.

POE: No no. Damn it!! BB-8, my weapon systems are down. We gotta take out that last cannon... or our bombers are toast. Make your magic work, buddy.

EXT. X-WING SHIP - HOLD

BB-8 drops down to a socket to a cable-filled hold. His head hovers from his body as he searches the craft compartment. Appendages on his telescoping arm plug damaged panel sections, but more begin to spark as BB-8 chirps nervously.

INT. STAR DESTROYER FULMINATRIX - BRIDGE PIT

Canady paces aboard the Fulminatrix.

CANADY: Are the auto cannons primed?

GONERIL: Primed and ready, sir.

CANADY: What are we waiting for?! Fire on the base!!!

EXT. SPACE - DAY

The Fulminatrix's cannons unleash a barrage of laserfire.

EXT. D'QAR - RESISTANCE BASE - RESISTANCE LIFEBOAT - COCKPIT

KAYDEL KO CONNIX: Punch it!!

Connix's U-55 orbital loadlifter speeds to safety, narrowly avoiding the artillery blasts which strike D'Qar's surface.

INT. RADDUS - CONTROL ROOM

KAYDEN KO CONNIX: (over intercom) The last transport is in the air, the evacuation is complete.

LEIA: You did it, Poe. Now get your squad back here so we can get out of this place.

POE: (over intercom) No, General... We can do this. We have... a chance to take down a dreadnought.

EXT. SPACE - DAY

Tailing Poe's X-wing ship through an antenna on the Fulminatrix's hull, one of the TIE fighters crashes and burns.

INT. X-WING SHIP - COCKPIT

POE: These things are fleet killers. We can't let it get away.

LEIA: (over intercom) Disengage now... Commander, that is an order...

Poe flips a switch on his cockpit's console and continues on.

INT. RADDUS - CONTROL ROOM

C-3PO the golden droid from Tatooine stands next to Leia

LEIA: Wipe that nervous expression off your face, 3PO.

C-3PO: Oh. Well, I'll certainly try, General. Nervous?

INT. X-WING SHIP - COCKPIT

A target lines up in Poe's cockpit's viewfinder.

POE: Let's go, BB-8... It's now or never!

EXT. X-WING SHIP - HOLD

BB-8 chirps as with inventiveness born of desperation, he has lowered the elevator he used to assume his station in the droid socket halfway, which requires that he erases three improper-operation alerts from the X-wing, and rolls into the cavity of the fuselage, as close to the short in the junction box as possible. His arm retracts into his body. Then, he uses the welding arm to swing the head out and down, like a man doffing his hat, shrieking. It smashes into the sparking junction box, primary photoreceptor swirling with electronic feedback.

INT. X-WING SHIP - COCKPIT

Poe squeezes his weapon's trigger, destroying the last cannon on the Fulminatrix's hull.

EXT. SPACE - DAY

The X-wing zooms to the fiery cloud, then banks around. Two pursuing TIE fighters collide and explode, then BB-8 pops up, crackling with energy and exclaiming softly.

INT. X-WING - COCKPIT

POE: Yeeeaaahh-ho! All clear, bring the bombs!

INT. STAR DESTROYER FULMINATRIX - BRIDGE

BASCUS: Captain... Resistance bombers approaching.

CANADY: Of course they are.

EXT. SPACE - DAY

A squad of heavy bombers and A-wing ships known as Colbrat Squadron and Blue Squadron approaches the dreadnought, resembling World War II aeroplanes, with long virtual compartments extending from their fuselages like magazines from automatic rifles. LIEUTENANT TALLISSAN LINTRA the beautiful young blonde pilot hovers on board her blue A-wing ship.

INT. A-WING SHIP - COCKPIT

TALLIE: Bombers, keep that tight formation. Fighters, protect the bombers. It's not every day we get a shot at a dreadnought, so make this count.

INT. COLBRAT HAMMER - COCKPIT

FINCH DALLOW: Copy that, Blue Leader.

INT. HEAVY BOMBER - COCKPIT

FINCH DALLOW: (over intercom) If you get us there, we'll give it to them.

PILOT: (over intercom) Copy that.

TEENE: Fighters incoming.

A squad of First Order TIE fighters approach the squardon.

INT. A-WING - COCKPIT

TALLIE: Gunners, look alive.

TIE fighters fire.

PILOT 2: (over intercom) Subfighters at 2-10!

INT. X-WING - COCKPIT

PILOT 3: (over intercom) They're getting in!

PILOT 2: (over intercom) Form up!

JAYCRIS TUBBS: They are everywhere! I can't--!

EXT. SPACE - DAY

An X-wing ship with JAYCRIS TUBBS, its pilot, in it explodes into complete nothingness.

INT. TALLIE'S SHIP - COCKPIT

PILOT 4; (over intercom) Here they come.

PILOT 5: (over intercom) Incoming fighters. Form up.

PILOT 6: (over intercom) Vector at attack speed.

PILOT 5: (over intercom) Pull up!

PILOT 7: (over intercom) Flank right.

The squad comes onto heavy fire.

PILOT 8: (over intercom) Mayday! Mayday! Mayday! We're going down! CANADY: Recharge the auto-cannons. Target their cruiser.

POE: I see it. Tallie, they have targeted the fleet and begun the priming sequence.

TALLIE: Copy that. We are almost there. Bombardiers.... begin your drop sequence. NIX JERD: I've got a visual on the target. We are approaching the point of attack. The bombs are armed.

BASCUS: Auto cannons aimed.

GONERIL: 40 seconds to full charge.

CANADY: Destroy that last bomber!!!

POE: Paige, come in. We're over the target. Why aren't your bay doors open?! You're the only bomber left, it's all down to you!!

PAIGE: Nix!!!

POE: Paige!!! Drop the payload, now!!

FINCH DALLOW: Look out!!!

PAIGE: No!!

TALLIE: Bombs away! RESISTANCE MONITOR: Direct hit! Dreadnought down!

MONITOR: General, Supreme Leader Snoke... is making contact from the ship.

ARMITAGE HUX: Excellent. I'll take it in my chambers.

SNOKE: General Hux.

ARMITAGE HUX: Ah, good. Supreme leade-

SNOKE: My disappointment... in your performance can not be overstated.

ARMITAGE HUX: They can't get away, Supreme Leader. We have them tied on the end of a string.

Back with the Resistance. Finn is in the med bay, sleeping. Suddenly, he shoots up.

FINN: Rey!

POE: Well done, pal. "Finn naked leaking bag"? What? Did you fry a chip? Finn! Hey, buddy. It's so good to see you. What? Let's uh... We need to get you dressed. Come on. You must have a thousand questions.

FINN: Where is Rey?

REY: Master Skywalker? Master Skywalker? I'm from the Resistance. Your sister Leia sent me. We need your help. Hello?

LUKE: Go away. Chewie, what are you doing here?

REY: He said you're coming back with us.

LUKE: How did you find me?

REY: Long story we'll tell you in the Falcon.

LUKE: Falcon? Wait. Where is Han?

INT. THE SUPREMACY - SNOKE'S THRONE ROOM

SNOKE: Tied to a string, indeed, General Hux. Well done. The Resistance will soon be in our grasp.

ARMITAGE HUX: Thank you, Supreme Leader.

SNOKE: you wonder why I keep a rabid cur in a such a place of power? The cur's weakness, properly manipulated... Can be a sharp tool. How's your wound?

KYLO REN: It's nothing.

SNOKE: Hmm. The mighty Kylo Ren. When I found you... I saw what all masters live to see. Raw, untamed power. And beyond that, something truly special. The potential of your bloodline. A new Vader. Now I fear... I was mistaken.

Kylo Ren looks up at Snoke.

KYLO REN: I've given everything I have to you. To the dark side.

SNOKE: Take that ridiculous thing off.

Kylo Ren takes off his helmet/mask.

SNOKE: Yes, there it is. You have too much of your father's heart in you, young Solo.

KYLO REN: I killed Han Solo. When the moment came I didn't hesitate.

SNOKE: And look at you, the deed split your spirit to the bone. You were unbalanced... Bested by a girl who had never held a lightsaber! You failed!!!

In an angry state, Ren gets up. Snoke shoots lightning at him.

SNOKE: Skywalker lives. The seed of the Jedi Order lives. As long as it does, hope lives in the galaxy. I thought you would be the one to snuff it out. Alas, you're no Vader. You're just a child in a mask.

In the elevator, Kylo Ren lets out a breath. He then turns to his mask. He proceeds to bang it against the wall. He pauses, the camera zoomed in on his eyes. He proceeds with destroying his mask. The elevator opens, revealing two officers.

KYLO REN: Prepare my ship.

He leaves.

REY: There is no light left in Kylo Ren. He's only getting stronger. The First Order will control all the major systems within weeks. We need your help. We need the Jedi Order back. We need Luke Skywalker.

LUKE: You don't need Luke Skywalker.

REY: Did you hear a word I just said?

LUKE: You think what? I'm gonna walk out with a laser sword and face down the whole First Order? What did you think was going to happen here? You think that I came to the most unfindable place in the galaxy for no reason at all? Go away.

REY: I'm not leaving without you!

Rey follows the ex Jedi master where ever he goes. On a rainy day, he goes fishing. He uses a strong rod to go to the other side of the cliff.

REY: Careful!

Luke looks back at Rey, and she seems relaxed that he didn't get hurt.

LUKE: You are wasting your time.

LUKE: Who are you?

REY: I know this place.

LUKE: Built a thousand generations ago... to keep these. The original Jedi texts. Just like me, they're the last of the Jedi religion. You've seen this place. You've seen this island.

REY: Only in dreams.

LUKE: Who are you?

REY: The Resistance sent me.

LUKE: They sent you? What is special about you? Where are you from?

REY: Nowhere.

LUKE: No ones from nowhere.

REY: Jakku.

LUKE: All right, that is pretty much nowhere. Why are you here, Rey, from nowhere?

REY: The Resistance sent me. We need your help. The First Order has become unstoppable.

LUKE: Why are you here?

REY: Something inside me has always been there Then now it's awake. And I'm afraid. I do not know what it is... or what to do with it. And I need help.

LUKE: You need a teacher. I can't teach you.

REY: Why not? I've seen your daily routine. You're not busy.

LUKE: I will never train another generation of Jedi. I came to this island to die. It's time for the Jedi to end.

REY: Why? Leia sent me here with hope. If she was wrong, she deserves to know why. We all do.

With the Resistance, Leia is seen slapping Poe.

LEIA: You're demoted.

POE: What? Wait! We took down a dreadnought.

LEIA: At what cost?

POE: If you start an attack, you follow through.

LEIA: Poe, get your head out of your cockpit. There are things you can not solve... By jumping into an X-wing and blowing something up! I need you to learn that.

POE: There were heroes on that mission.

LEIA: Dead heroes, No leaders.

FINN: We're really nowhere. How's Rey going to find us now? A cloaked binary beacon?

LEIA: To light her way home.

FINN: Alright, Well, until she comes back, what's the plan?

LEIA: We need to find a new base.

LARMA D'ACY: One with enough power to get a distress signal to our allies. scattered in the Outer Rim.

ACKBAR: Proximity alert!

RESISTANCE FEMALE SOLDIER: They found us.

POE: That's impossible. It's Snoke's ship. You've gotta be kidding me. Can we jump to lightspeed?

KAYDEL KO CONNIX: We have enough fuel for just one jump.

POE: Do it. We have to get out of here.

LEIA: Wait. They tracked us through lightspeed.

FINN: That's impossible.

LEIA: Yes. And they've done it.

FINN: So if we jump to lightspeed... they'll just find us again, and we'll be out of fuel. They've got us.

POE: Not yet, they don't. Permission to jump in an X-wing and blow something up?

LEIA: Permission granted. Admiral, spin us around!

ACKBAR: Reverse. Rotate the shields!

RESISTANCE MONITOR: To your stations! Move, move, move!

KYLO REN: Follow my lead.

MALE ANNOUNCER: Green squadron to launch position. Clear the launch traffic.

POE: Don't wait for me! Jump in and fire her up!

MALE ANNOUNCER: Technicians, secure supplies for launch conditions.

PILOT: Move, move!!

FINN: Poe, are you alright?

POE: We need to get outta range of those Star Destroyers.

ACKBAR: We need to what?!

LEIA: Full engines ahead. Get out of range of the Star Destroyers and the fighters will fall back.

ACKBAR: All craft, full engines! Concentrate rear shields.

ARMITAGE HUX: Ren, the Resistance have pulled out of reach. We can't cover you at this distance. Return to the fleet. What is the point of all this if we can't blow up three tiny cruisers?

PEAVEY: They are faster and lighter, sir. They can't lose us but they can keep at a range where our cannons are not effective against their shields.

ARMITAGE HUX: Well, keep up the barrage. Let's at least remind them that we're still here.

PEAVEY: Very good sir.

ARMITAGE HUX: They won't last long burning fuel like this. It's just a matter of time.

POE: Move! Outta the way, everybody! Make way! Make room!

MEDIC DROID: Her vital signs are weak, but she is fighting.

LUKE: Artoo? Artoo! Yes. Yes I know. Hey, it's a sacred island, watch the language. Old friend. I wish I could make you understand. But I'm not coming back. Nothing can make me change my mind.

LEIA IN HOLOGRAM: Years ago, you served my father in the Clone Wars. Now he begs you to help him in his struggle against the Empire. It hurts me not to be able to fulfill my father's request in person...

LUKE: That was a cheap move.

LEIA IN HOLOGRAM: But they are attacking my ship... and I fear that my mission to bring you to Alderaan failed. It is our most desperate hour. Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.

LUKE: Tomorrow at dawn. Three lessons. I will teach you the ways of the Jedi... and why they need to end.

LARMA D'ACY: General Organa... Leia... is unconscious but recovering. This is the only good news I have. Admiral Ackbar... all our leadership, they're gone.

C-3PO: Oh, dear, oh, dear.

LARMA D'ACY: Leia was the sole survivor on the bridge. If she were here, she'd say save your sorrow for after the fight. And to that end... The chain of command is clear as to who should take her place. Vice Admiral Holdo... of the cruiser Ninka.

AMILYN HOLDO: Thank you, Commander. There are four hundred of us... on three ships. We're the very last of the Resistance But we're not alone. In every corner of the galaxy... the downtrodden and oppressed know our symbol... and they put their hope in it. We are the spark that will ignite the fire that will restore the Republic. That spark... this Resistance, must survive. That is our mission. Now, to your stations. And may the Force be with us.

POE: That's Admiral Holdo? Battle of Chyron Belt, Admiral Holdo? Not what I expected. Vice Admiral? Commander Dameron. With our current fuel consumption... there is a very limited amount time... That we will stay out of range of those Star Destroyers.

AMILYN HOLDO: Very kind to make me aware.

POE: Let's get me those fuel projections. And we need to shake them before we find a new base, so... What's our plan?

AMILYN HOLDO: Our plan, captain? Not commander, right? Wasn't it Leia's last official act to demote you? Because of your dreadnought plan... Where we lost our entire bombing fleet?

POE: "Captain." "Commander." You can call me whatever you like. I just want to know what's going on.

AMILYN HOLDO: Of course you do. I understand. I've dealt with plenty of trigger happy flyboys like you... You are impulsive. Dangerous. And the last thing we need right now. So stick to your post... and follow my orders.

FEMALE P.A. ANNOUNCER: Turbo-lifts seven and eight disconnected for maintenance.

ROSE: What are you doing here?

FINN: Hey, hi. Uh, I was... Uh, you know...

ROSE: You are Finn! The Finn!

FINN: The Finn?

ROSE: Sorry... I work behind pipes all day. Doing talking with the Resistance heroes is not my forte. Doing... Doing talking, yeah... I'm Rose.

FINN: Breathe.

ROSE: OK.

FINN: Yeah, look I'm not a Resistance hero, but... It was nice talking to you, Rose. May the Force be with you.

ROSE: Wow. You too. Good. But you are a hero. You left the First Order-what you did on the Starkiller Base. When we heard about it, my sister Paige said... "Rose, that's a real hero." "Know right from wrong.... "and don't run away from when it gets hard," she said. You know... Just this morning, I had to stun... three people who were trying to jump ship. In this escape pod.

FINN: What?

ROSE: They were running away.

FINN: That's disgraceful.

ROSE: I know.

FINN: Anyway, uh... I gotta get back to what I was doing, so.

ROSE: What were you doing?

FINN: Just, just, uh checks.

ROSE: Checking the escape pods.

FINN: No, it's routine checks.

ROSE: While boarding one... with a packed bag.

FINN: Okay. Listen, I... I can't move. I can't move.

ROSE: I know.

FINN: What happened? ROSE: I'm taking you to the bridge and turning you in for desertion. FINN: I was not deserting. - I told you that... ROSE: My sister just died... protecting the fleet. And you were running away. FINN: I'm sorry. This fleet is doomed... If my friend comes back to it, she's doomed too. I've gotta get this... I've gotta get this beacon very far away from here, then she'll find me and be safe. ROSE: You're a selfish traitor. FINN: Look, we cannot outrun the First Order fleets. ROSE: We can jump to light speed! FINN: Well they can track us through lightspeed. ROSE: They can track us through lightspeed? FINN: Yeah. They'll just show up 30 seconds later and we'll have blown a ton of fuel. Of which, by the way, we're dangerously short on. ROSE: They can track us through lightspeed. FINN: Yes. And they could... I can't feel my teeth. What did you shoot me with? ROSE: Active tracking. FINN: What now? ROSE: New hyperspace tracking... Hyperspace tracking is a new tactic but the principal must be the same as any active tracker. FINN: So they're just tracking us... ROSE: Only tracking us... FINN AND ROSE: From the lead ship. ROSE: But we can't get to the tracker. It is an A-class process they'll control from the main bridge. FINN: Well, I mean, yes, but every A-class process... FINN AND ROSE: Has a dedicated power breaker. ROSE: But... Wait, but who knows where the breaker room is on the Star Destroyer? FINN: I'm the guy who used to mop it. If I can get us there.... ROSE: I can shut their tracker down.

POE: Just give it to me one more time, but simpler. FINN: So the First Order's only tracking us from one Destroyer, the main one. POE: So we make blow that one up? FINN: I like where you're heading, but no. They'd only start tracking us from another Destroyer. ROSE: But if we can.... FINN: If we sneak on board the lead Destroyer and disable the tracker without them realizing, then we can... ROSE: They won't realize if it's for one system cycle. About six minutes. FINN: Sneak on board. Disable the tracker Our fleet escapes before they even realize. POE: How did you two meet? ROSE: Just luck. POE: Yeah? Good luck? ROSE: Not sure yet. FINN: Poe, we've got to do this It will save the fleet and it'll save Rey. C-3PO: If I surely must be the voice of reason... Admiral Holdo will never agree to this plan. POE: Yeah, you're right, 3PO. It's a need-to-know plan, and she doesn't. C-3PO: That was not exactly... POE: All right... You guys shut down that tracker. I'll be here to jump us to lightspeed. The question is... How do we sneak the two of you onto Snoke's destroyer? ROSE: We steal clearance codes. FINN: No, they are Bio-Hexaencripted and rescrambled every hour. We can't get through their security shields undetected. Nobody can.

MAZ: Could I do it? Of course I could do it. But I can't do it, I'm a little tied down right now. FINN: Maz? What is happening? MAZ: A union dispute, you do NOT want to hear about it. But, lucky for you... There's exactly one guy I trust that can crush that kind of security! He is a master codebreaker, an ace pilot... a poet with a blaster. C-3PO: Oh my. It seems that this codebreaker can practically do everything. MAZ: Oh yes, he can. You will find him with a red ploom flower on his lapel... rolling on a high stakes table... in the casino... on Canto Bight. POE: Canto Bight? - No, no. That's... Maz... Is there any way we can take care of this ourselves? MAZ: I'm sorry, kiddo. This is rarified cracking. If you want to get on that Destroyer, I know only one option. Find the master codebreaker.

KYLO REN: You'll bring Luke Skywalker to me. You're not doing this. The effort would kill you. Can you see my surroundings? REY: You are going to pay for what you did! KYLO REN: I can't see yours. Just you. So no. This is something else. Luke. LUKE: What's that about? REY: I was cleaning my blaster. It went off. LUKE: Let's get started. REY: Who were those things? LUKE: Caretakers. Island natives. They've kept up the Jedi structures since they've been built. REY: I don't think they like me. LUKE: I can't imagine why.


REY: Master Skywalker, we need you to bring the Jedi back because Kylo Ren is strong with the dark side of the Force. Without the Jedi, we won't stand a chance against him.


LUKE: What do you know about the Force?


REY: It's a power that Jedi have that lets them control people and make things float.


LUKE: Impressive. Every word in that sentence was wrong. Lesson one, sit here, legs crossed. The Force is not a power you have. It's not about lifting rocks. It's the energy between all things, a tension, a balance, that binds the universe together.


REY: OK. But what is it?


LUKE: Close your eyes. Breathe. Now, reach out.


REY: I feel something.


LUKE: You feel it?


REY: Yes, I feel it.


LUKE: It's the Force.


REY: Really?


LUKE: Wow, it must be really strong with you.


REY: I've never felt anythi----OW! You meant reach out like.... I'll try again.


LUKE: Breathe. Just breathe. Reach out with your feelings. What do you see?


REY: The island. Life. Death and decay, that feeds new life. Warmth. Cold. Peace. Violence.


LUKE: And between it all?


REY: Balance. And energy. A Force.


LUKE: And inside you?


REY: Inside me the same Force.


LUKE: And this is the lesson. That Force does not belong to the Jedi. To say that if the Jedi die, the light dies, is vanity. Can you feel that?


REY: There's something else beneath the island. A place. A dark place.


LUKE: Balance. Powerful light, powerful darkness.


REY: It's cold. It's calling me.


LUKE: Resist it, Rey. Rey? Rey! You went straight to the dark.


REY: That place was trying to show me something.


LUKE: It offered you something you needed. And you didn't even try to stop yourself.


REY: But I didn't see you. Nothing from you. You've closed yourself off from the Force. Of course you have.


LUKE: I've seen this raw strength only once before, in Ben Solo. It didn't scare me enough then. It does now.

AMILYN HOLDO: What was that?


KAYDEL KO CONNIX: Nothing, Admiral. Passing debris. FINN: The fleet's only got 18 hours of fuel left. We gotta hurry.

REY: Still can't reach the Resistance? Keep at it. If you get through, check their status. And ask about Finn.


KYLO REN: Why is the Force connecting us? You and I.


REY: Murderous snake. You're too late. You lost. I found Skywalker. KYLO REN: Did he tell you what happened? The night I destroyed his temple, did he tell you why? REY: I know everything I need to know about you. KYLO REN: You do? Ah, you do. You have that look in your eyes. From the forest. When you called me a monster. REY: You are a monster. KYLO REN: Yes, I am.

ROSE: OK. We get in, we find this codebreaker, we get out. FINN: Do you know this town? Canto Bight? ROSE: From stories. It's a terrible place filled with the worst people in the galaxy. FINN: Great. SLOWEN LO: I told those two, I said, "This is a public beach. You can't park that shuttle." But they just lit off toward the casino. THAMM: Place your bets. Place your bets. All the bets on the table right now, right now! Place your bets here. FINN: Aw, yes! This place is great! ROSE: OK. Maz says that this Master Codebreaker would have a red plom bloom on his lapel. Let's find him and get out of here. THAMM: Well played. The house wins. Where are your manners, more like? ROSE: Come on! FINN: We've covered this whole casino. Zero red plom blooms. Where is this guy? ROSE: Were those what I think they are? FINN: What are those things? ROSE: Fathiers. I've never seen a real one. FINN: Look, this whole place is beautiful. I mean, come on. Why do you hate it so much? ROSE: Look closer. My sister and I grew up in a poor mining system. The First Order stripped our ore to finance its military.... then shelled us to test their weapons. They took everything we had. And who do you think these people are? There's only one business in the galaxy that'll get you this rich. FINN: War. ROSE: Selling weapons to the First Order. I wish I could put my fist through this whole lousy, beautiful town. Red plom bloom! FINN: Red plom bloom! ROSE: The Master Codebreaker! SLOWEN LO: Yup, those are the shuttle parkers. COP: All right, You two are under arrest for parking violation 27B/6. You have the right to remain.... LOVEY: What was that? MASTER CODEBREAKER: No, no, no. Not now, Lovey. I'm on a roll.

LUKE: Lesson Two. Now that they're extinct, the Jedi are romanticized, defied. But if you strip away the myth and look at their deeds, the legacy of the Jedi is failure. Hypocrisy, hubris. REY: That's not true. LUKE: At the height of their powers, they allowed Darth Sidious to rise, create the Empire, and wipe them out. It was a Jedi Master who was responsible for the training and creation of Darth Vader. REY: And a Jedi who saved him. Yes, the most hated man in the galaxy. But you saw that there was conflict inside him. You believed that he wasn't gone. That he could be turned. LUKE: And I became a legend. For many years, there was balance.... and then I saw Ben. My nephew with that mighty Skywalker blood. And in my hubris, I thought I could train him, I could pass on my strengths. Han was Han about it, but Leia trusted me with her son. I took him, and a dozen students, and began a training temple. By the time I realized I was no match for the darkness rising in him, it was too late. REY: What happened? LUKE: I went to confront him. And he turned on me. Ben, no!! He must have thought I was dead. When I came to, the temple was burning. He had vanished with a handful of my students. And slaughtered the rest. Leia blamed Snoke, but it was me. I failed. Because I was Luke Skywalker. Jedi master. A legend. REY: The galaxy may need a legend. I need someone to show me my place in all this. And you didn't fail Kylo. Kylo failed you. I won't.

PEAVEY: The main cruiser's still keeping beyond range. But their medical frigate is out of fuel and its shields are down. ARMITAGE HUX: The beginning of their end. Destroy it.

MEDICAL FRIGATE PILOT: The last of our crew has been evacuated and heading your way. It's been an honor, Admiral. Godspeed, Rebels!!! KAYDEL KO CONNIX: Admiral, fuel reserves at six hours. AMILYN HOLDO: Maintain our current course. Steady on.

POE: Finn, Rose, where are you guys? COP: Deal me in. Thanks. ROSE: Finn, the fleet is running on fumes. Without a codebreaker to break us onto Snoke's Star Destroyer.... what do we do? FINN: I don't know. Unless you got a thief in your pocket, our plan is shot. DJ: Um, I can do it. ROSE: What? FINN: What? ROSE: What? DJ: S-S-S-Sorry, I'm just couldn't help but overhear all the stuff that you were saying really loudly while I trying to sleep. Codebreaker? Thief? I can do it. FINN: I'm not talking about picking pockets, OK? DJ: Yeah. D-D-D-Don't let the wrapper fool you, friend. Me and the First Order codeage go way back. And, if the price is right, I could break you into old man S-S-S-Snoke's boudoir. FINN: No. ROSE: We're.... We've got it covered. DJ: Ha-tuk-ga. FINN: Did he just....? ROSE: Yeah. We gotta get outta here! This way! COP: Why, you little.... DJ: D-D-D-Did you do this? COP: Hey, hands up! Hands up! DJ: Yeah, man. What's your story, roundie? COP #1: They went this way! Lock down all the exits. COP #2: Wait. FINN: That smells great. Those cops will be here any minute. What now? Whoa! Ooh! ROSE: No, wait. Please stop! We're with the Resistance. COP #1: Roger that. Checking the stables now. COP #2: This way. COP #3: They must have come through here. ROSE: Hyah! TEMIRI BLAGG - Go, go, go! Whoo!! FINN: Stop enjoying this, stop enjoying this! SPEEDER PILOT: We've got them. They aren't going anywhere. FINN AND ROSE: Ahhhh! FINN: Huh? ROSE: Move, move, move! Get outta the way! FINN: Our ship's on the beach straight ahead! We need cover!! Too much cover! There it is!! FINN AND ROSE: No!!! FINN: Come on! SPEEDER PILOT: Let the flock go. Stick with the perps. Where'd they go? FINN: I think we lost them! Now we go down to the beach and circle back around.... ROSE: Cliff!! We're trapped. FINN: It was worth it, though. To tear up that town, make 'em hurt. ROSE: Go. Now, it's worth it. SPEEDER PILOT: There they are. FINN: BB-8! Wait, are you flying that thing?! DJ: N-N-N-Need a lift?

LEIA: Luke. LUKE: Leia. REY: I'd rather not do this now. KYLO REN: Yeah, me too. REY: Why did you hate your father? Do you have something, a cowl or something you can put on? Why did you hate your father? Give me an honest answer. You had a father who loved you, he gave a damn about you. KYLO REN: I didn't hate him. REY: Then why? KYLO REN: Why, what? Why, what? Say it. REY: Why did you... Why did you kill him? I don't understand. KYLO REN: No? Your parents threw you away like garbage. REY: They didn't! KYLO REN: They did. But you can't stop needing them. It's your greatest weakness. Looking for them everywhere.... in Han Solo.... now in Skywalker. Did he tell you what happened that night? REY: Yes. KYLO REN: No. He had sensed my power, as he senses yours. And he feared it. REY: Liar. KYLO REN: Let the past die. Kill it if you have to. That's the only way to become what you were meant to be. REY: No! No!!! FEMALE VOICE: Rey? REY: I should have felt trapped or panicked. But I didn't. This didn't go on forever, I knew it was leading somewhere. And that, at the end, it would show me what I came to see. FEMALE VOICE: Rey. REY: Let me see them. My parents... please. I thought I'd find answers here. I was wrong. I've never felt so alone KYLO REN: You're not alone. REY: Neither are you. LUKE: Rey?! REY: It isn't too late. LUKE: Stop!!! REY: It is true? Did you try to murder him?! LUKE: Leave this island now! REY: Stop. Stop!! Did you do it? Did you create Kylo Ren? Tell me the truth. LUKE: I saw darkness. I'd sensed it building in him. I'd see it at moments during his training. But then I looked inside... and it was beyond what I ever imagined. Snoke had already turned his heart. He would bring destruction, and pain, and death... and the end of everything I love because of what he will become. And for the briefest moment of pure instinct... I thought I could stop it. It passed like a fleeting shadow. And I was left with shame... and with consequence. And the last thing I saw... were the eyes of a frightened boy whose master had failed him. Ben, no!!! REY: You failed him by thinking his choice was made It wasn't There is still conflict in him If he turned from the dark side, that could shift the tide. This could be how we win. LUKE: This is not going to go the way you think. REY: It is. Just now, when we touched hands... I saw his future. As solid as I'm seeing you. If I go to him, Ben Solo will turn. LUKE: Rey... don't do this. REY: Then he is our last hope.

LUKE: Master Yoda. YODA: Young Skywalker. LUKE: I'm ending all of this. The tree, the text, the Jedi. I'm going to burn it down. YODA: Hmm. (laughs) Ah, Skywalker, missed you, have I. LUKE: So it is time for the Jedi Order to end. YODA: Time it is. For you to look at a pile of old books, hmmm? LUKE: The sacred Jedi texts! YODA: Oh. Read them, have you? LUKE: Well, I... YODA: Page-turners they were not. Yes, yes, yes. Wisdom they held, but that library contained nothing that the girl Rey does not already possess. Skywalker, still looking to the horizon. Never here, now, hmmm? (pokes Luke with his walking stick) The need in front of your nose. Hmmm? LUKE: I was weak. Unwise. YODA: Lost Ben Solo, you did. Lose Rey, we must not. LUKE: I can't be what she needs me to be. YODA: Heeded my words not, did you? Pass on what you have learned. Strength, mastery. But weakness, folly, falure, also. Yes, failure most of all. The greatest teacher, failure is. Luke, we are what they grow beyond. That is the true burden of all masters.

FINN: Four parsecs to go. This thing really cooks. ROSE: I just hope we're in time. You can actually do this, right? DJ: Yeah, about that... Guys, I can do it. But there exists a pre-"do it" conversation about price. ROSE: Once we're done, the Resistance will give you whatever you want. DJ: What you got deposit-wise? FINN: Are you kidding me? Look at us. DJ: Is that Haysian smelt? That's something. FINN: No, we gave you our word. You're gonna get paid. That should be enough. DJ: Guys, I wanna keep helping. But no something, n-n-n-no doing. FINN: OK, listen here, you've gotta.... ROSE: Do it. DJ: Now I can help. FINN: Give it back. DJ: What? FINN: Give it back! You have no idea how much that medallion means to her. What are you.... Why are you ransacking your own ship? It's not your ship. DJ: He says I stole it. FINN: Yeah, I got that. DJ: We stole it. FINN: At least you're stealing from the bad guys and helping the good. DJ: Good guys, bad guys, made-up words. Let's see who formally owned this gorgeous hunk-uh. Ah, this guy was an arms dealer. Made his bank selling weapons to the bad guys. Oh.... and the good. Finn, let me learn you something big. It's all a machine, partner. Live free, don't join.

PEAVEY: That was the last of their support ships. It's just their main cruiser now. ARMITAGE HUX: And their fuel reserve? PEAVEY: By our calculations.... critical.

POE: She in there? LARMA D'ACY: The Admiral's banned you from the bridge. Let's not have a scene. POE: No, let's. Holdo? LARMA: You're not allowed in here. HOLDO: Flyboy. POE: Cut it, lady. We had a fleet, now we're down to one ship, and you've told us nothing! Tell us that we have a plan! That there's hope! HOLDO: When I served under Leia, she would say, hope is like the sun. If you only believe in it when you can see it.... POE: You'll never make it through the night. HOLDO: Yes. POE: Are you fueling up the transports? You are. All of them? We're abandoning ship? Is that.... That's what you got? That's what you brought us to? Coward!! Those transports ships are unarmed, unshielded. We abandon this cruiser, we're done. We don't stand a chance. No, you are not just a coward, you are a traitor. HOLDO: Get this man off my bridge.

POE: Finn, Holdo's loading the crew in the shuttles. She's going to abandon ship. Where are you? FINN: Poe, we're on our way back to the fleet. We're so close. POE: Did you find the Master Codebreaker? FINN: We found a codebreaker. We can shut the tracker down. Just buy us a little more time. POE: All right, hurry.

REY: As soon as I launch, you jump back out of range. Stay there until you get my signal for where to rendezvous. If you see Finn before I do, tell him... Yeah, perfect. Tell him that.

DJ: Cloaking our approach. We should be off their scopes. Then we slice a slit in their shield. Blip bloppity bloop, and slip right through.

AMILYN HOLDO: So a stormtrooper, and a who now are doing what?! POE: They are trying to save us. This is our best chance for escape. You have to give Finn and Rose all the time that you can. AMILYN HOLDO: You have bet the survival of the Resistance on bad odds and put us all at risk! There's no time now. We have to get clear of the cruiser. Load the transports. CREW MEMBER: Right away, Admiral. POE: Yeah, I was afraid you'd say that. Vice Admiral Holdo, I am relieving you of your command for the survival of this ship, its crew, and the Resistance. AMILYN HOLDO: I hope you understand what you're doing. POE: Yeah. I'm going to the bridge. If they move, stun them.

OFFICER #1: ....at least three cycles so far. OFFICER #2: Yes, sir. We're working on it. OFFICER #3: I will do my best, sir. FINN: Almost there.

REY: You don't have to do this. I feel the conflict in you. It's tearing you apart. Ben, when we touched hands, I saw your future. Just the shape of it, but solid and clear. You will not bow before Snoke. You will turn. I'll help you. I saw it. KYLO REN: I saw something, too. Because of what I saw, I know when the moment comes, you'll be the one to turn. You'll stand with me. Rey, I saw who your parents are. SNOKE: Well done, my good and faithful apprentice. My faith in you is restored. Young Rey. Welcome.

FINN: So this is it? The tracker's right behind this door. DJ: Haysian smelt. Best conductor. And you're welcome. ROSE: Good time to figure out how to get back to the fleet? FINN: I know where the nearest escape pods are. ROSE: Course you do. POE: BB-8, tell me something good. FINN: Poe, we're almost there. Have the cruiser prepped for lightspeed.

POE: Yeah, I'm on it pal. You just hurry. Clear the bridge, escort the officers down to the hangar. C-3PO: Commander.... Captain Dameron, Admiral Holdo was looking for you. POE: Yeah, we spoke. C-3PO: Sir, I am almost afraid to ask. POE: Good instinct, 3PO. Go with that. Seal that door!

ROSE: We're running out of time. FINN: Come on, how's it going? DJ: Almost there.

POE: 3PO, where do you think you're going? C-3PO: It would be quite against my programming to be party to a mutiny. POE: Hey! C-3PO: It is not correct protocol. Oh! Neither is this!

POE: Finn? We're ready to make the jump. FINN: Now or never. DJ: Now. FINN: You're up. STORMTROOPER #1: You there, hands up! STORMTROOPER #2: Watch 'em, watch 'em. STORMTROOPER #3: Drop your weapons, now! STORMTROOPER #4: Hands up, Rebel scum. STORMTROOPER #3: Get down! I said, down! PHASMA: FN-2187. So good to have you back. POE: They didn't make it. Leia.

ANNOUNCER: Please board the transports according to your evacuation designation. All transports must be cleared.... GURNEY OPERATOR: OK, help me push him up, guys. AMILYN HOLDO: That one's a troublemaker. I like him. LEIA: Me, too. Now, time to board your transport. AMILYN HOLDO: For the transports to escape, someone needs to stay behind and pilot the cruiser. LEIA: Too many losses. I can't take anymore. AMILYN HOLDO: Sure you can. You taught me how. LEIA AND AMILYN HOLDO: May the Force be.... LEIA: You go on. I've said it enough. AMILYN HOLDO: May the Force be with you always. PILOT: Cloaking device activated. We should be off their scopes. LARMA D'ACY: Let's hope this works.

SNOKE: Come closer, child. So much strength. Darkness rises, and light to meet it. I warned my young apprentice that as he grew stronger, his equal in the light would rise. Skywalker.... I assumed. Wrongly. Closer, I said. REY: You underestimate Skywalker, and Ben Solo, and me. It will be your downfall. SNOKE: Oh.... have you seen something? A weakness in my apprentice. Is that why you came? Young fool. It was I who bridged your minds. I stoked Ren's conflicted soul. I knew he was not strong enough to hide it from you. And you were not wise enough to resist the bait. And now, you will give me Skywalker. Then I will kill you with the cruelest stroke. REY: No. SNOKE: Yes. Give me everything. REY: No! No! No!

POE: No. No. No, no, no! LEIA: Poe. POE: What is that? LARMA D'ACY: The mineral planet, Crait. An uncharted hideout from the days of the Rebellion. POE: That's a Rebel base? LARMA D'ACY: Abandoned, but heavily armored with enough power to get a distress signal to our allies scattered in the Outer Rim. LEIA: Holdo knew the First Order was tracking our big ship. They're not monitoring for little transports. POE: So we could slip down to the surface unnoticed and hide till the First Order passes. That could work. LEIA: She was more interested in protecting the light than she was seeming like a hero. AMILYN HOLDO: Godspeed, Rebels.

ARMITAGE HUX: Well done, Phasma. PHASMA: Your ship and payment, as we agreed. ROSE: You lying snake. DJ: We got caught, I cut a d-d-d-deal. FINN: Wait, cut a deal with what? FIRST ORDER OFFICER: Sir, we checked on the information from the thief. We ran a decloaking scan, and sure enough, 30 Resistance transports have just launched from the cruiser. ARMITAGE HUX: He told us the truth. Will wonders never cease? ROSE: No. ARMITAGE HUX: Our weapons are ready? FIRST ORDER OFFICER: Ready and aimed, sir. ARMITAGE HUX: Fire at will. FINN: Wait. No, no. No, you can't! ROSE: No!!! PILOT: Admiral, we're taking fire! Do we turn around?! AMILYN HOLDO: No, you're too far out. Full speed to planetfall. Full speed!

SNOKE: Well, well, I did not expect Skywalker to be so wise. We will give him and the Jedi Order the death he desires. After the Rebels are gone, we will go to his planet and obliterate the entire island. Such spunk. Look here now. The entire Resistance on those transports. Soon they will all be gone. For you, all is lost. Ooh. And still that fiery spit of hope. You have the spirit of a true Jedi! And because of that, you must die. My worthy apprentice, son of darkness, heir apparent to Lord Vader. Where there was conflict, I now sense resolve. Where there was weakness, strength. Complete your training, and fulfill your destiny. KYLO REN: I know what I have to do. REY: Ben. SNOKE: You think you can turn him? Pathetic child. I cannot be betrayed, I cannot be beaten. I see his mind, I see his every intent. Yes. I see him turning the lightsaber to strike true. And now, foolish child, he ignites it, and kills his true enemy!

POE: Come on, give it full thrusters. Full speed! COVA NELL: I am, sir.

FINN: You murdering bastard!! DJ: T-T-T-Take it easy, Big F. They blow you up today, you blow them up tomorrow. It's just business. FINN: You're wrong. DJ: Maybe.

REY: Ben! The fleet. Order them to stop firing. There's still time to save the fleet. Ben? KYLO REN: It's time to let old things die. Snoke, Skywalker. The Sith, the Jedi, the Rebels.... let it all die. Rey. I want you to join me. We can rule together and bring a new order to the galaxy. REY: Don't do this, Ben. Please don't go this way. KYLO REN: No, no. You're still holding on! Let go! Do you wanna know the truth about your parents? Or have you always known? And you've just hidden it away. You know the truth. Say it. Say it. REY: They were nobody. KYLO REN: They were filthy junk traders who sold you off for drinking money. They're dead in a paupers' grave in the Jakku desert. You have no place in this story. You come from nothing. You're nothing. But not to me. Join me. Please.

FIRST ORDER OFFICER: Sir, the Resistance cruiser's preparing to jump to lightspeed. ARMITAGE HUX: It's empty. They're just trying to pull our attention away. Pathetic. Keep your fire on the transports.

PHASMA: Execution by blaster is too good for them. Let's make this hurt. ROSE: Finn. PHASMA: On my command.

KAYDEL KO CONNIX: She's running away. POE: No, she isn't.

EDRISON PEAVEY: No! ARMITAGE HUX: Fire on that cruiser!!!

PHASMA: Execute.

ROSE: Finn! There's a shuttle back that way! We gotta go! PHASMA: Traitor!! What?! ROSE: Finn!! PHASMA: You are a bug in the system. FINN: Let's go, chrome-dome. Come on!!! ROSE: No! FINN: Hey. PHASMA: You were always scum. FINN: Rebel scum. ROSE: Hey! Need a lift?

ARMITAGE HUX: What happened? KYLO REN: The girl murdered Snoke. What happened? ARMITAGE HUX: She took Snoke's escape craft. KYLO REN: We know where she's going. Get all our forces down to that Resistance base. Let's finish this. ARMITAGE HUX: Finish this? Who do you think you're talking to? You presumed to command my army?! Our Supreme Leader is dead! We have no ruler! KYLO REN: The Supreme Leader is dead. ARMITAGE HUX: Long live the Supreme Leader.

LEIA: They're coming, shut the door. RESISTANCE SOLDIER: Incoming!!! POE: Go, go, move!!! Get that shield door down!! ROSE: No! Wait, don't shoot! It's us! No, don't shoot! POE: Hold your fire! FINN: Don't shoot! POE: Hold your fire! LEIA: Finn? POE: Finn! Rose! You're not dead! Where's my droid? Buddy! I'm so glad to see you! Wait, what? Wait, wait, wait, slow down. ROSE: Is this all that's left?

POE: All right, our shields are up so they can't hit us from orbit. Use whatever power we've got left to broadcast a distress signal to the Outer Rim. LEIA: Use my personal code. If there are any allies to the Resistance, it's now or never. POE: Rose, what do you got? ROSE: Rotting munitions, rusted artillery, some half-gutted skim speeders. POE: Well, let's just pray that big-ass door holds long enough for us to get help. FINN: A battering ram cannon. POE: A what now? FINN: Miniaturized Death Star tech. It'll crack that door open like an egg. ROSE: There has to be a back way out of here, right? POE: BB-8, what do you got? C-3PO: BB-8 has analyzed the mine's schematics. This is the only way in or out. FINN: Come on. We have allies. People believe in Leia. They'll get our message, they'll come. But we have to buy time. We gotta take out that cannon.

SOLDIER #1: On me! On me! SOLDIER #2: Move! Move! RESISTANCE TROOPER: Go back! Gather your weapons! SOLDIER: #3: Get over here! SOLDIER #4: Hold your fire!! SALTY: Salt. SOLDIER #5: Ground forces, incoming. POE: Copy that, on our way. ROSE: Engage your mono-ski. The green toggle. POE: All right, listen up. I don't like these rust buckets and I don't like our odds, but.... What the hell?! Just keep it tight and don't get drawn in too close till they roll that cannon up front. All right, ground forces, lay down some fire!

ARMITAGE HUX: 13 incoming light craft. Shall we hold until we clear them? KYLO REN: No. The Resistance is in that mine. Push through.

POE: Fighters, break off! Come on! We gotta hold them till they pull up that cannon! FINN: Rose, you've got 3 right behind you!! ROSE: I can't lose 'em!! FINN: Whoo!!! Yeah!! REY: Whoo!!! I like this!

KYLO REN: Blow that piece of junk out of the sky! ARMITAGE HUX: All fighters!

REY: Chewie, pull off from the battle. Draw them away from the speeders.

POE: She drew 'em off! All of 'em! FINN: Oh, they hate that ship!

REY: Chewie!

ROSE: There it is! That is a big gun. FINN: OK, it's heavily armored. Our only shot is right down the throat. The cannon's opening. This is our chance.

KYLO REN: All firepower on those speeders. ARMITAGE HUX: Concentrate all fire on the speeders!

RESISTANCE CONTROLLER: We're taking heavy losses.

POE: They're picking us all off. We're not gonna make it. FINN: All right, making my final approach. Target in sight, guns are hot. POE: No! Pull off! FINN: What?! POE: The cannon is charged! It's a suicide run! All craft, pull away! FINN: No! I'm almost there! POE: Retreat, Finn! That's an order! ROSE: Finn, it's too late! Don't do this! FINN: No!! I won't let them win! ROSE: No! Finn, listen to Poe! We have to retreat!

MALE SCOUT: The cannon is warming up now. MALE COMMANDER: Copy that. We see it. MALE SCOUT: Preparing to fire.

POE: Move! Go, go!! Quick!! SOLDIER: Let's go, let's go! FINN: Rose? Rose? Rose?! Why would you do that? Huh? I was almost there. Why would you stop me? ROSE: I saved you, dummy. That's how we're gonna win. Not fighting what we hate, saving what we love.

KYLO REN: General Hux, advance. No quarter. No prisoners.

KAYDEL KO CONNIX: Our distress signal's been received at multiple points, but no response. LARMA D'ACY: They've heard us, but no one's coming. LEIA: We fought till the end. But the galaxy has lost all its hope. The spark is out. Luke. I know what you're gonna say. I changed my hair. LUKE: It's nice that way. Leia, I'm sorry. LEIA: I know. I know you are. I'm just glad you're here at the end. LUKE: I came to face him, Leia. And I can't save him. LEIA: I held out hope for so long, but I know my son is gone. LUKE: No one's ever really gone. C-3PO: Master Luke.

KYLO REN: Stop! I want every gun we have to fire on that man. Do it. More! More!!! ARMITAGE HUX: That's enough. That's enough!!! Do you think you got him? Now, if we're ready to get moving, we can finish this. SHUTTLE PILOT: Sir? KYLO REN: Bring me down to him. Keep the door covered and don't advance until I say. ARMITAGE HUX: Supreme Leader, don't get distracted, our goal.... SHUTTLE PILOT: Right away, sir.

FINN: Med pack!!! I need a med pack!! POE: She's hurt pretty bad. It's Kylo Ren. Luke's facing him alone. FINN: Well, we should help him. Let's go. POE: No, wait. Wait.

KYLO REN: Did you come back to say you forgive me? To save my soul? LUKE: No.

POE: He's doing this for a reason. He's stalling so we can escape. FINN: Escape? He's one man against an army. We have to help him, we have to fight. POE: No, no. We are the spark that'll light the fire that will burn the First Order down. Skywalker's doing this so we can survive. There's gotta be a way out of this mine. Hell, how did he get in here? C-3PO: Sir, it is possible that a natural unmapped opening exists. But this facility is such a maze of endless tunnels that the odds of finding an exit are 15,428.... POE: Shh. Shush. Hush. Shush up. Shut up! C-3PO: To one. POE: Listen. C-3PO: My audio sensors no longer detect the.... POE: Exactly. FINN: Where'd the crystal critters go? POE: Follow me. LEIA: What are you looking at me for? Follow him.

REY: If the beacon's right beneath us, they've gotta be somewhere. Keep scanning for life forms. POE: This way. REY: I see them! Chewie, there! POE: No. No, no, no. No!! REY: Lifting rocks.

LUKE: I failed you, Ben. I'm sorry. KYLO REN: I'm sure you are! The Resistance is dead. The war is over. And when I kill you, I will have killed the last Jedi. LUKE: Amazing. Every word of what you just said was wrong. The Rebellion is reborn today. The war is just beginning. And I will not be the last Jedi. KYLO REN: I'll destroy her, and you, and all of it. LUKE: No. Strike me down in anger and I'll always be with you. Just like your father. KYLO REN: No. LUKE: See you around, kid. KYLO REN: No!!!

POE: C'ai! C-3PO: Such a friend. LEIA: Chewie! REY: It looks good. KAYDEL KO CONNIX: That was crazy, man. POE: Hi. REY: Hi. POE: I'm Poe. REY: Rey. POE: I know. LARMA D'ACY: When we get to the Outer Rim, I have a contact there. C-3PO: Quite definately possible. REY: Luke is gone. I felt it. But it wasn't sadness or pain. It was peace and purpose. LEIA: I felt it, too. REY: How do we build a Rebellion from this? LEIA: (puts her hand on Rey's and smiles) We have everything we need.

EXT: CANTO BIGHT - DESERT - NIGHT

ONIHO ZAYA: Luke Skywalker, Jedi Master. 